1	Ralph Holzfaster ,  a farmer and farm-supply store operator in  Ogallala , Neb. , says of the last few days events , `` If anything good comes out of this , it might be that it puts some of these LBOs on the skids . ''	Ralph Holzfaster	farmer	Ogallala	1	Correct
2	That 's when George L. Ball ,  chairman of the Prudential Insurance Co. of America unit  , took to the internal intercom system to declare that the plunge was only `` mechanical . ''	George L. Ball	chairman	Prudential Insurance Co.	1	Correct
3	Other Hooker properties included are a 20-story office tower in midtown Atlanta , expected to be completed next February ; vacant land sites in Florida and Ohio ; L.J. Hooker International , the commercial real-estate brokerage company that  once did business as  Merrill Lynch Commercial Real Estate , plus other shopping centers .	L.J. Hooker International	---	Merrill Lynch Commercial Real Estate	-	Missing
4	Windsor Fund 's John Neff and Mutual Series ' Michael Price said they had raised their cash levels to more than 20 % and 30 % , respectively , this year .	John Neff	said said	Michael Price	0	Mistake
5	Elaine Garzarelli , who runs Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. 's $ 335 million Sector Analysis Portfolio , predicts the market will open down at least 50 points on technical factors and `` some panic selling .	Elaine Garzarelli	runs	Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc.	0	Mistake
6	Last week , Boeing  Chairman  Frank Shrontz sent striking workers a letter , saying that `` to my knowledge , Boeing 's offer represents the best overall three-year contract of any major U.S. industrial firm in recent history . ''	Boeing	---	Frank Shrontz	-	Missing
7	The partnership , Kaufman & Broad Land Development Venture Limited Partnership , is a 50-50 joint venture with a trust created by institutional clients of Heitman Advisory Corp. ,  a unit of  Heitman Financial Corp. , a real estate advisory , management and development company with offices in Chicago and Beverly Hills , Calif .	Heitman Advisory Corp.	---	Heitman Financial Corp.	-	Missing
8	The EC and Japan --  the U.S. 's largest steel suppliers  -- have n't been filling their quotas to the full extent .	EC	largest steel	U.S.	0	Mistake
9	Kao officials previously have said they are interested in selling detergents in the U.S. , but so far the company has focused on acquisitions , such as last year 's purchase of Andrew Jergens Co. ,  a Cincinnati hand-lotion maker  .	Andrew Jergens Co.	hand-lotion maker	Cincinnati	1	Correct
10	A spokeswoman said Sulka  operates a total of seven stores in the U.S. and overseas  .	Sulka	---	U.S.	-	Missing
11	The move closely follows a similar  offer by Salomon of warrants for shares of  Hongkong & Shanghai Banking Corp .	Salomon	---	Hongkong & Shanghai Banking Corp	-	Missing
12	Also named in the suit is Ivan F. Boesky Corp. and Northview Corp. ,  the successor company to  Vagabonds Hotels .	Northview Corp.	---	Vagabonds Hotels	-	Missing
13	In theory at least , tight supplies next spring could leave the wheat futures market susceptible to a supply-demand squeeze , said Daniel Basse ,  a futures analyst with AgResource Co. in Chicago  .	Daniel Basse	futures analyst	AgResource Co.	1	Correct
14	That speculation abounded Friday as industry executives analyzed the appointment of the new chief executive , Robert Louis-Dreyfus ,  who joins Saatchi and becomes a member of its board on Jan. 1  .	Robert Louis-Dreyfus	---	Saatchi	-	Missing
15	California 's Glendale Federal Bank awarded its $ 12 million to $ 15 million account to the Los Angeles office of Omnicom Group  's BBDO agency  .	Omnicom Group	agency	BBDO	1	Correct
16	Samsung  already owns  Korea First Advertising Co. , that country 's largest agency .	Samsung	owns	Korea First Advertising Co.	1	Correct
17	`` Times Co. 's regional daily newspapers are holding up well , but there is little sign that things will improve in the New York market , '' said Alan Kassan ,  an analyst with  Shearson Lehman Hutton .	Alan Kassan	analyst	Shearson Lehman Hutton	1	Correct
18	Against that backdrop , UAW  Vice President  Stephen P. Yokich , who recently became head of the union 's GM department , issued a statement Friday blasting GM 's `` flagrant insensitivity '' toward union members .	UAW	---	Stephen P. Yokich	-	Missing
19	Viren Mehta ,  a partner with  Mehta & Isaly , a New York-based pharmaceutical industry research firm , said the government 's ruling was n't unexpected .	Viren Mehta	partner	Mehta & Isaly	1	Correct
20	`` I 'm not going to worry about one day 's decline , '' said Kenneth Olsen , Digital Equipment Corp.  president  , who was leisurely strolling through the bright orange and yellow leaves of the mountains here after his company 's shares plunged $ 5.75 to close at $ 86.50 .	Kenneth Olsen	said said	Digital Equipment Corp.	0	Mistake
21	`` As businesses contract or depart , the number of employees who might use retail services shrinks , '' says Edward A. Friedman ,  senior vice president of  Helmsley Spear Inc .	Edward A. Friedman	senior vice president	Helmsley Spear Inc	1	Correct
22	Columbia Laboratories Inc. , Miami ,  began trading with the symbol  COB .	Columbia Laboratories Inc.	---	COB	-	Missing
23	`` Brennan and Marshall are speaking in their dissents to a more distant future , '' he says .	Brennan	speaking speaking	Marshall	0	Mistake
24	Meridian Bancorp Inc. , Reading , Pa. ,  will acquire  Hill Financial Savings Association, Red Hill , Pa. , which had $ 2.3 billion in assets .	Meridian Bancorp Inc.	---	Hill Financial Savings Association	-	Missing
25	Trans World Airlines Inc. ,  offering of $ 150 million senior notes , via  Drexel Burnham .	Trans World Airlines Inc.	---	Drexel Burnham	-	Missing
26	When the news broke of an attempted coup in Panama two weeks ago , Sen. Christopher Dodd  called the State Department for a briefing  .	Sen. Christopher Dodd	called	State Department	1	Correct
27	Already , CNN  is facing stronger competition from  Financial News Network Inc. and General Electric Co. 's Consumer News and Business Channel , both of which are likely to pursue more general news in the future .	CNN	facing stronger competition	Financial News Network Inc.	1	Correct
28	`` We would obviously be upset if those kinds of services evolved into more general-interest , long-format programming , '' says Robert Stengel ,  senior vice president , programming , of  Continental Cablevision Inc. , which holds a 2 % stake in Turner Broadcasting .	Robert Stengel	senior vice president	Continental Cablevision Inc.	1	Correct
29	Charles Haworth ,  a lawyer for  Sunbelt , says he plans to file a brief this week urging the district judge to dismiss the suits , because Sunbelt 's liabilities exceeded its assets by about $ 2 billion when federal regulators closed it in August 1988 .	Charles Haworth	lawyer	Sunbelt	1	Correct
30	The 77-year-old Sisulu ,  sentenced to life in 1964 along with black nationalist  Nelson Mandela for plotting to overthrow the government , said equality for blacks in South Africa was in reach .	Sisulu	---	Nelson Mandela	-	Missing
31	South Korea  's President  Roh traveled to the U.S. for a five-day visit that is expected to focus on ties between Washington and Seoul .	South Korea	---	Roh	-	Missing
32	A group of Arby 's franchisees said they formed an association to oppose Miami Beach  financier  Victor Posner 's control of the restaurant chain .	Miami Beach	---	Victor Posner	-	Missing
33	We support all efforts to remove Victor Posner  from control of  Arby 's Inc. and the Arby 's system . ''	Victor Posner	---	Arby 's Inc.	-	Missing
34	`` I think the resurgence -LCB- in inflation -RCB- is going to continue for a few months , '' said John Mueller ,  chief economist at  Bell Mueller Cannon , a Washington economic forecasting firm .	John Mueller	chief economist	Bell Mueller Cannon	1	Correct
35	`` The trend is pretty well established now that local programs are the most popular , with American programs second , '' says Brian Wenham ,  a former director of programs for the  British Broadcasting Corp .	Brian Wenham	---	British Broadcasting Corp	-	Missing
36	But neither Matra nor GEC -- unrelated to Stamford , Conn.  based  General Electric Co. -- are sitting quietly by as their competitors join forces .	Stamford	based	General Electric Co.	1	Correct
37	At least one potential GEC  partner  , Matra , insists it is n't interested in Ferranti .	GEC	potential partner	Matra	0	Mistake
38	`` The capability of existing fields to deliver oil is dropping , '' and oil exploration activity is also down dramatically , as many producers shift their emphasis to natural gas , said Ronald Watkins ,  vice president for government and industry relations with Interprovincial 's parent  , Interhome Energy Inc .	Ronald Watkins	---	Interhome Energy Inc	-	Missing
39	`` It creates uncertainty and usually slows down sales , '' said Russ Crabs ,  an analyst at  Soundview Financial Group .	Russ Crabs	analyst	Soundview Financial Group	1	Correct
40	`` Obviously they 're not in touch with what 's going on , '' says Tom Manske ,  vice president of the  National Pocket Billiards Association .	Tom Manske	vice president	National Pocket Billiards Association	1	Correct
41	In `` Chicken Soup , '' Mr. Mason  plays  Jackie , a Jewish bachelor courting Maddie -LRB- Lynn Redgrave -RRB- , an Irish widow and mother of three , against the wishes of his mother -LRB- Rita Karin -RRB- and her brother Michael -LRB- Brandon Maggart -RRB- .	Mr. Mason	plays	Jackie	1	Correct
42	`` No one can predict exactly what will happen on the House side , '' said Senate  Minority Leader  Robert Dole -LRB- R. , Kan . -RRB- .	Senate	---	Robert Dole	-	Missing
43	 A quantitative analyst with  Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. , Ms. Garzarelli had warned clients to take their money out of the market before the 1987 crash .	Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc.	---	Ms. Garzarelli	-	Missing
44	That the Journal defends `` the sleaze , fraud , waste , embezzlement , influence-peddling and abuse of the public that took place while Mr. Pierce  was secretary of  HUD , '' etc. and so forth .	Mr. Pierce	secretary	HUD	1	Correct
45	`` We could n't get dealers to answer their phones , '' said Robert King ,  senior vice president of OTC trading at  Robinson-Humphrey Co. in Atlanta .	Robert King	senior vice president	Robinson-Humphrey Co.	1	Correct
46	Jeremiah Mullins ,  the OTC trading chief at  Dean Witter Reynolds in New York , said proudly that his company executed every order it received by the close of trading .	Jeremiah Mullins	OTC trading chief	Dean Witter Reynolds	1	Correct
47	Last month , Transportation Secretary Sam Skinner  forced Northwest Airlines to reduce a stake held by KLM Royal Dutch Airlines  .	Sam Skinner	---	Northwest Airlines	-	Missing
48	`` There is no prospect of any so-called grand compromise or deal next year because the administration simply did n't live up to this year 's deal , '' Senate  Majority Leader  George Mitchell -LRB- D. , Maine -RRB- said yesterday on CBS News 's `` Face the Nation . ''	Senate	---	George Mitchell	-	Missing
49	In recent months , Compaq  's competition  , including Zenith , Toshiba Corp. , Tandy Corp. and NEC Corp. all have introduced portables that weigh approximately the same and that are called notebooks -- perhaps misleadingly .	Compaq	---	Zenith	-	Missing
50	Martinair Holland  is based in  Amsterdam .	Martinair Holland	based	Amsterdam	1	Correct
51	Petrolane  is the second-largest propane distributor in the  U.S. .	Petrolane	second-largest propane distributor	U.S.	1	Correct
52	It also marks P&G 's growing concern that its Japanese rivals , such as Kao Corp. ,  may bring their superconcentrates to the  U.S. .	Kao Corp.	---	U.S.	-	Missing
53	`` When shelf space was cheap , bigger was better , '' says Hugh Zurkuhlen ,  an analyst at  Salomon Bros .	Hugh Zurkuhlen	analyst	Salomon Bros	1	Correct
54	Syms Corp.  completed the sale of its A. Sulka & Co. subsidiary , a men 's luxury haberdashery , to  Luxco Investments .	Syms Corp.	completed sale	Luxco Investments	1	Correct
55	But more recently , the Pentagon and the Commerce Department openly feuded over the extent to which Cocom should liberalize exports of personal computers to the bloc .	Pentagon	feuded feuded	Commerce Department	0	Mistake
56	Salomon Brothers International Ltd. ,  a British subsidiary of  Salomon Inc. , announced it will issue warrants on shares of Hong Kong Telecommunications Ltd .	Salomon Brothers International Ltd.	subsidiary	Salomon Inc.	1	Correct
