1	Cathleen Colella , the owner of the Hazardous Elimination Corporation ,  a hazardous substance remediation company based in  Farmingdale , N.Y. , agreed .	Hazardous Elimination Corporation	---	Farmingdale	-	Missing
2	At first glance one might peg the ebullient Mr. Reilly as top banana and the earnest Ms. Harris as straight man .	Mr. Reilly	peg	Ms. Harris	0	Mistake
3	Nearly three million slow cookers are being recalled because of broken handles that pose a burn risk on thousands of them , according to the maker , Hamilton Beach and Proctor-Silex , of Glen Allen , Va. , and the Consumer Product Safety Commission .	Hamilton Beach	maker	Glen Allen	0	Mistake
4	What fun , what with the costumes , the music , the pageantry , the pride , starting last evening with Italian night as the ethnically diverse Mets  met the equally diverse  Dodgers .	Mets	---	Dodgers	-	Missing
5	The main threat to the truce , however , continued to come from Srebrenica ,  about 100 miles east of  Sarajevo in a region of eastern Bosnia that has seen some of the war 's most brutal Serbian attacks on Muslims .	Srebrenica	---	Sarajevo	-	Missing
6	The area is 65 miles east of Prudhoe Bay , North America  's largest oilfield  , and proponents say it has enough oil to constitute half of all domestic oil production in five years , an estimate that has been disputed .	Prudhoe Bay	---	North America	-	Missing
7	And in a case of , at best , selective perception , Frazier and Breen discussed the Bobcats  ' road record -LRB- 9-32 after beating the   Knicks -RRB- and their youthful team 's penchant for blowing late leads .	Bobcats	---	Knicks	-	Missing
8	In the area of Mr. Cage 's progeny , Mr. Zukofsky has chosen music by Zoltan Jeney , a Hungarian Minimalist ; Christian Wolff ,  a French-born composer  who has adopted aspects of Mr. Cage 's '' chance '' approach ; Jo Kondo , a young Japanese composer who worked with Mr. Cage in New York , and the late Morton Feldman , a Cage student who , as Mr. Zukofsky notes , '' went his own way , and is probably the most important composer of the group . ''	Christian Wolff	composer	French-born	1	Correct
9	Aweil , like Abyei ,  is a Government-controlled town  .	Abyei	---	Government-controlled	-	Missing
10	If You 're Thinking of Living In Correction : October 7 , 2001 , Sunday The Gazetteer chart last Sunday with an article about living in the Madison  section of  Brooklyn referred incorrectly to the area 's City Council representation .	Madison	section	Brooklyn	1	Correct
11	Now in its 58th final , the United States  is pursuing a 30th Cup title  .	United States	pursuing 30th title	Cup	1	Correct
12	Mary Christine Szto , a daughter of Dr. Clarice Szto and the Rev. Dr. Paul Szto of Jamaica , Queens , was married there yesterday at Queens Christian Reformed Church to Urs Martin Lauchli ,   a son of  Alice Lauchli and Peter Lauchli , both of Winterthur , Switzerland .	Urs Martin Lauchli	---	Peter Lauchli	-	Missing
13	Apsley House in London ,  once the home of the first  Duke of Wellington , has reopened after a three-and-a-half year , $ 9.6 million restoration .	Apsley House	---	Duke	-	Missing
14	Mr. Chao  cited a Dutch television program  that in the midst of a national debate over nudity on television showed a naked woman in a chair for 24 hours .	Mr. Chao	cited television program	Dutch	1	Correct
15	Utah -LRB- 18-4 -RRB- and  its incomparable tandem of  Stockton and Karl Malone came to town having won 16 of their last 17 games and playing as well as any team in the National Basketball Association .	Utah	---	Stockton	-	Missing
16	A little self-control would not be a bad idea , which is why Schools Chancellor Rudy Crew  has ordered District 8 's board members to undergo conflict-resolution training after previous dust-ups among them  .	Rudy Crew	ordered board members	District 8	1	Correct
17	In May , Ana Marie Cox ,  the Internet gossip  whose Web log , Wonkette , focuses on Washington , published a link to another blogger who called herself the Washingtonienne .	Ana Marie Cox	gossip	Internet	1	Correct
18	The dispute over how to best treat heart attack victims surfaced in November when the results of a major study on strategies in cardiology were reported at  an American Heart Association meeting in  Washington .	American Heart Association	---	Washington	-	Missing
19	\* Harmon Glass ,  an installation and distribution division of  Apogee Enterprises Inc. , to the Edison Group , Minneapolis , a subsidiary of Martin-Williams Advertising Inc. \* Lotus Development Corp. , Cambridge , Mass. , a computer software company , to Bronner Slosberg Humphrey Inc. , Boston .	Harmon Glass	installation distribution division	Apogee Enterprises Inc.	1	Correct
20	Chief Assistant District Attorney David Freundlich  identified Mr. Charafeddine as a member of the Hazbollah Terrorist Organization  , an Iranian-sponsored Shiite Moslem group that has been accused of various terrorist activities throughout the world .	David Freundlich	identified	Mr. Charafeddine	1	Correct
21	Dr. Geddis  attended  Fordham Prep , Fordham University and graduated from Georgetown Medical School in 1933 .	Dr. Geddis	---	Fordham University	-	Missing
22	People in the auditorium cheered the president-elect 's pledge that Americans  can count on  France .	Americans	count	France	1	Correct
23	Mr. Bisek  has to search for reliable Slovak editors  because he is not expert with Slovak .	Mr. Bisek	---	Slovak	-	Missing
24	Mr. Kim and other opposition leaders , for example ,  supported Mr. Roh 's decision  not to have a midterm referendum on his policies and have generally asked for patience among their supporters to let the President prove himself in office .	Mr. Kim	supported decision	Mr. Roh	1	Correct
25	Now that Richard Krajicek  pocketed a Grand Slam crown at   Wimbledon , Goran Ivanisevic remains the only member of the tennis brat pack without a slam to his name , so this Open is his last chance in 1996 to catch up with the other 20-something wonderboys .	Richard Krajicek	pocketed crown	Wimbledon	1	Correct
26	BUFFALO SABRES --  Promoted  Gerry Meehan , general manager ,  to executive vice president for sports operations  .	BUFFALO SABRES	---	Gerry Meehan	-	Missing
27	On Monday afternoon , he said that someone stole a pair of diamond earrings from him at Gleason  's Gym in  Manhattan .	Gleason	---	Manhattan	-	Missing
28	' We want to put our message out there in a unique way to make our brand more relevant , '' said Cort Cunningham ,  account director at  Gotham .	Cort Cunningham	account director	Gotham	1	Correct
29	`` They 're having terrible manpower problems ; no one wants to fight , '' said Milos Vasic , military writer for the Belgrade magazine Vreme .	Belgrade	---	Vreme	-	Missing
30	Jeffrey A. Stewart ,  President of  Friends of  Keney Park , added that he was pleased at the connection between kids at area schools and the park as a natural and teaching resource .	Jeffrey A. Stewart	---	Friends of  Keney Park	-	Missing
31	' Andy  was very , very supportive of  me , '' Mr. Brown said .	Andy	---	Mr. Brown	-	Missing
32	Those arrested in Miami were charged with trying to infiltrate military bases and Cuban  exile organizations in the  United States ; they face life in prison if convicted .	Cuban	---	United States	-	Missing
33	From 1948 to 1951 he was chief of  the United States military mission to  Iran .	United States	---	Iran	-	Missing
34	Mr. Roberts , who is 50 years old , was president and chief executive officer of the Southern Boiler and Tank Works ,  a family business in  Memphis , Tenn. , that manufactures reactor containment liners for nuclear power plants , when he became a campaign finance officer in the 1980 election campaign of George Bush .	Southern Boiler and Tank Works	family business	Memphis , Tenn.	1	Correct
35	Officials at Fidelity ,  a unit of the  FMR Corporation , confirmed yesterday that as of Sept. 30 the fund will accept only new investments from current shareholders or from participants in retirement programs that include Magellan as an investment option .	Fidelity	---	FMR Corporation	-	Missing
36	At a time when luxury sales elsewhere , even in  the recently booming South Beach  section of Miami  , are skittish , in the New Urbanist developments , houses and cottages , apartments and town houses command a premium price with no shortage of buyers , according to the developers .	South Beach	booming section	Miami	1	Correct
37	Surviving are his wife , Doris Pender Moon ; a son , Peter , of Hartford ; three daughters , Mary Jo , of Kensington , Md. , and Linda Prince and Susan Moon , both of Gaithersburg , Md. , and two grandchildren .	Mary Jo	daughters	Md.	0	Mistake
38	Marsden ,  whose University of Utah teams  won six collegiate championships in 13 years , told The Pittsburgh Press that his authority had been undermined by federation officials who have made gymnasts '' pawns in a political chess game . ''	Marsden	---	University of Utah	-	Missing
39	' Time of Your Life , ''  which has its premiere on Fox tonight  , maintains the appealing romanticized realism of its parent series .	Time of Your Life	---	Fox	-	Missing
40	The competition grew more intense yesterday in the battle for RJR Nabisco , as F. Ross Johnson ,  the company 's chief executive  , announced that he and his financial partner , Shearson Lehman Hutton , would not work with Kohlberg , Kravis , Roberts & Company on a combined buyout bid .	RJR Nabisco	---	F. Ross Johnson	-	Missing
41	Messier has been upset because the Rangers  re-signed Coach  Colin Campbell and the Knicks re-signed center Patrick Ewing and Coach Jeff Van Gundy , while the Rangers had not made an offer to him .	Rangers	---	Colin Campbell	-	Missing
42	Mr. Knudsen  was a native of  Storm Lake , Iowa , and a graduate of North High School in Omaha .	Mr. Knudsen	native	Storm Lake	1	Correct
43	' Cities like Manhattan , Boston , San Francisco -- these are the examples we are using to move our downtown forward , '' said Johnny L. Winton ,  a member of the  City Commission , adding that some 90,000 housing units were in various stages of construction citywide .	Johnny L. Winton	member	City Commission	1	Correct
44	The service is not intended for employment screening and has so far only been sold to insurance company investigators or donated to law enforcement agencies , said Judi Schultz ,  a LexisNexis spokeswoman  .	Judi Schultz	spokeswoman	LexisNexis	1	Correct
45	The Agriculture Department , Democrats estimated , would lose $ 12 million -- money that could pay the salaries of 266 food safety inspectors .	Agriculture Department	estimated estimated	Democrats	0	Mistake
46	The prison was built from 1825 through 1828 by about 100 inmates from Auburn Correctional Facility near Syracuse , who were brought down to Ossining and housed in tents while they quarried stones and built the very cells that would ultimately hold them .	Auburn Correctional Facility	brought	Ossining	0	Mistake
47	Michael York plays an exiled Polish stage director in London and Michael Lyndon portrays his son in this 1984 film by the Polish expatriate director Jerzy Skolimowski .	Michael York	plays exiled stage director	Michael Lyndon	0	Mistake
48	`` It disclosed that the sponsor was behind in payments on the interest on the construction loan to the National Westminster Bank but that the bank had not declared a default , '' said Richard Barr ,  a spokesman for  Mr. Abrams .	Richard Barr	spokesman	Mr. Abrams	1	Correct
49	The Sundstrand case is separate from  a widely publicized Federal investigation in  Virginia centering on allegations that other major contractors and consultants paid bribes to Pentagon officials in exchange for information on military contracts .	Federal	---	Virginia	-	Missing
50	'' Sad Strains of a Gay Waltz ''  not only seems too florid for Dische 's brittle comedy   , it also relies on the easiest of double-entendres .	Sad Strains of a Gay Waltz	---	Dische	-	Missing
51	' We thought we wanted to make gabba , '' said Ms. Murray-Leslie , referring to the dark , high-speed techno that Mr. Just  's former band  Ilsa Gold once specialized in .	Mr. Just	---	Ilsa Gold	-	Missing
52	During his class , Mr. O'Meally  touched on everything from the use of jazz in Ralph Ellison 's novel '' Invisible Man '' to the jazz aesthetic in paintings by Jackson Pollock and Romare Bearden , to the jazz music of Louis Armstrong and Cab Calloway in Betty Boop cartoons  .	Mr. O'Meally	---	Ralph Ellison	-	Missing
53	Listeners had plenty to luxuriate in as well , for the quartet -- Peter Oundjian and Kikuei Ikeda , violinists ; Kazuhide Isomura , violist , and Sadao Harada , cellist - was at its formidable best .	Peter Oundjian	quartet quartet	Kikuei Ikeda	0	Mistake
54	' A time limit is necessary at some point , and we must consider such options as sanctions , '' Japan  's new foreign minister  , Nobutaka Machimura , told Japan 's business daily Nihon Keizai Shimbun last week .	Japan	new foreign minister	Nobutaka Machimura	1	Correct
55	 Once the proud industrial power of  Asia , Japan is now drawing the attention of the International Monetary Fund , which wants to help Japan assess its mountain of nonperforming bank loans .	Asia	power power	Japan	1	Correct
56	After the party , though ,  the Japanese newspaper  Asahi Shimbun quoted a 30-year-old Japanese woman as saying , '' Not everybody is Yon-sama . ''	Japanese	---	Asahi Shimbun	-	Missing
57	And there is sharp opposition to the deal cut with the three largest Muslim federations , under pressure from the government , to appoint Dr. Dalil Boubakeur , an Algerian  who heads the  Paris Mosque , as the first president of the council , even before the election .	Algerian	heads	Paris Mosque	1	Correct
58	Gen. Charles H. Coolidge Jr. ,  the president of the Air Force board that investigated the crash  , at the time of the accident the service did not even train its pilots in how to read the Jeppesen charts , which differ from Air Force charts in many details .	Charles H. Coolidge Jr.	---	Air Force	-	Missing
59	When it was offered to me by Kevin and Tom Schoewe , Wal-Mart 's C.F.O. , I thought : '' Oh , my gosh .	Kevin	offered offered	Tom Schoewe	0	Mistake
60	Three days after the F.B.I.  raided his  Deerfield Beach , Fla. ,  offices  searching for information that will link him to a racketeering investigation being conducted by the United States Attorney 's office in Newark , the promoter Don King said that he would have gladly given authorities any information they wanted if they had subpoenaed it .	F.B.I.	raided	Deerfield Beach	1	Correct
61	Jerry Pangandoyon  operates one of the largest , the  EZ Industrial 875E Pressure Water Cart , a motorized cart with a ground-level nozzle system to blast the dirt from the walkways and a super-strength power washer attachment for everything else .	Jerry Pangandoyon	---	EZ Industrial 875E Pressure Water Cart	-	Missing
62	Steve Berkowitz , senior vice president of the online services group for Microsoft , said ads would be made for Facebook , but they could also be aimed at any of MSN  's various Internet properties  , which have a total of 400 million users worldwide .	MSN	various properties	Internet	1	Correct
63	`` It saddened me to think that ` La Pastorela ' was becoming almost extinct , '' said Mr. Fender , a country-rockabilly singer who grew up as Baldemar Huerta in  the Rio Grande Valley town of  San Benito , Tex. , and plays one of the shepherds .	Rio Grande Valley	town	Tex.	1	Correct
64	The case could lead to decriminalization of euthanasia under `` carefully controlled conditions , '' predicted Eike Kluge ,  a professor of bio-ethics at the  University of Victoria .	Eike Kluge	predicted	University of Victoria	0	Mistake
65	PROFILE George Judson  is a reporter in the  Stamford  , Conn. ,  bureau  of The New York Times .	George Judson	reporter	Stamford	0	Mistake
66	Ms. Filippone  is also executive administrator of the  Passaic River Coalition , a nonprofit environmental group that deals with water supply and quality issues in the Wanaque watershed .	Ms. Filippone	executive administrator	Passaic River Coalition	1	Correct
67	' Finally , after quite a few years , '' said Mr. Mottola  of the Long Island board  , '' we 're seeing prices rise . ''	Mr. Mottola	---	Long Island	-	Missing
68	As months go by without evidence of his whereabouts , several senior officials said this week that they were skeptical that he survived the American-led  bombing in the Tora Bora region of  Afghanistan last December .	American-led	---	Afghanistan	-	Missing
69	On the other side , suggests Peter Diamond ,  an economist at the  Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a consultant to the Government-sponsored Advisory Council on Social Security , is a group of '' New Deal realists '' who fear that any profound change in the way Social Security is structured would pit the '' haves '' against the '' have-nots . ''	Peter Diamond	economist	Massachusetts Institute of Technology	1	Correct
70	Assumptions like these about the acceptability of sex are at play in gang rape , a rare event that occurs disproportionately on college campuses , where most cases go unreported , according to Dr. Chris O'Sullivan ,  a psychologist at  Bucknell University .	Dr. Chris O'Sullivan	psychologist	Bucknell University	1	Correct
71	' It can get you a boat that 's outside your budget , '' said Scott Croft ,  a spokesman for  Boat U.S. , the nation 's largest recreational boating association .	Scott Croft	spokesman	Boat U.S.	1	Correct
72	Otto Penzler ,  an American expert  on mystery fiction and thrillers who owns the two Mysterious Bookshops in Manhattan and Los Angeles , has said the book is '' one of the milestones of espionage fiction and brought it truly and irrevocably into the modern era . ''	Otto Penzler	expert	American	1	Correct
73	\* AON Corp. , Chicago , an insurance holding company , named Paul R. Davies chairman of its AON Reinsurance Agency subsidiary .	AON Corp.	named chairman named chairman	Chicago	0	Mistake
74	The number of offices was a sign of an unfocused approach to the practice in California , said James E. Topinka ,  who left  Coudert 's San Francisco  office  when it closed and is now at Winston & Strawn .	James E. Topinka	left office	San Francisco	1	Correct
75	Normally , Republicans in Congress  work closely with Republican governors  .	Republicans	---	Republican	-	Missing
76	And James A. Yates ,  the co-counsel and chief Shoreham aide to Assembly Speaker Mel Miller  , a Brooklyn Democrat , said Mr. Miller would be '' very concerned if any new settlement were linked to legislative passage . ''	Shoreham	---	Mel Miller	-	Missing
77	We were friends , '' said Jeff Inlow ,  the 17-year-old son of the Rev.  Linda Inlow , the church 's pastor .	Jeff Inlow	17-year-old son	Linda Inlow	1	Correct
78	The Mayor , whose attacks on Mr. Jackson got far more attention than his endorsement of Senator Albert Gore Jr. of Tennessee , was asked on Monday whether he expected Mr. Jackson  to come back to  New York and campaign against him in next year 's mayoral race .	Mr. Jackson	come come	New York	1	Correct
79	Mr. Muirhead , 47 , succeeds Harvey Hoffenberg , 43 , who will continue as chairman and chief creative officer .	Mr. Muirhead	succeeds	Harvey Hoffenberg	1	Correct
80	LEAD : Debt Belgium  is issuing $ 300 million of 8 percent  Eurobonds due in 1997 at 101 1\/2 to yield 7.78 percent , through County Bank Ltd.	Belgium	---	Eurobonds	-	Missing
81	Finally and grudgingly , Mr. Foley shut the bank and  had the House authorize an investigation of those who `` routinely and repeatedly '' overdrew their accounts by `` significant '' amounts  .	Mr. Foley	had	House	0	Mistake
82	Amid the confusion and some scattered violence -- two revenge killings were reported Friday in Gaza -- Hamas leaders suggested that their bolstered control in Gaza could help free a BBC reporter , Alan Johnston , kidnapped in Gaza in March .	BBC	---	Alan Johnston	-	Missing
83	Xavier Green ,  who was planning to take Mr. Cockrel  to Kennedy International Airport yesterday to apply for a job as a skycap , said he and Mr. Cockrel used to socialize in Greenwich Village precisely because its streets bustled with such an ostentatious mix of different life styles .	Xavier Green	---	Mr. Cockrel	-	Missing
84	That is until he and 48 classmates were adopted by Grinnell College , the first academic institution to sponsor a class under the '' I Have a Dream '' program underwritten by Eugene Lang ,  a New York business executive  .	Eugene Lang	---	New York	-	Missing
85	 In Le Figaro , Mr. Chirac asked  : `` Do the French people want to entrust France to Jospin and his Socialist friends for seven more years ?	Le Figaro	---	Mr. Chirac	-	Missing
86	They selected defenseman Joel Bouchard from Buffalo ,  forward Sheldon Keefe from  Tampa Bay and forward Mike Siklenka from Philadelphia .	Sheldon Keefe	---	Tampa Bay	-	Missing
87	After talks about a possible acquisition of Chris-Craft proved fruitless , Viacom and CBS invoked the buy-sell provision in February , setting in motion a 45-day deadline for Chris-Craft to either buy or sell its interest in UPN .	Viacom	invoked buy-sell provision invoked buy-sell provision	CBS	0	Mistake
88	Mr. Parker 's lawyer , Dominic Barbara ,  who has offices in  Manhattan and Garden City , says his client gave his wife $ 20 , with which she bought the winning ticket and a Valentine 's Day card for him .	Dominic Barbara	---	Manhattan and Garden City	-	Missing
89	November wedding plans for Karen Stacey Lamb and Marc Brian Spector ,  a son of  Dr. Joan Spector and Michael H. Spector of Great Neck , L.I. , have been announced by her parents , Mr. and Mrs. Merrill Lamb of Miami .	Marc Brian Spector	---	Michael H. Spector	-	Missing
90	Mr. Wyeth played drums on two albums with Mr. Dylan , `` Desire '' and `` Hard Rain '' ; he also performed on four albums by the rockabilly revivalist Robert Gordon , and on albums by Roger McGuinn , Don McLean , Leslie West , Kinky Friedman , James Moody and others .	Leslie West	performed performed	James Moody	0	Mistake
91	One of the men convicted of bombing the World Trade Center , Ahmad M. Ajaj ,  spent four months in  Pakistan in 1992 , returning to the United States with a bomb manual later seized by the United States government .	Ahmad M. Ajaj	---	Pakistan	-	Missing
92	Mr. Bieder contends that Federal  agencies -- including the  Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms , the Federal Bureau of Investigation , Federal Protective Services , the General Services Administration and the Marshal 's Service -- failed to prepare for a terrorist act from the militant right-wing underground .	Federal	---	Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms	-	Missing
93	' The Guardian Council and the Interior Ministry represent two different powers , '' said Ramin Jahanbegloo , director of the Department of Contemporary Studies in the Cultural Research Bureau ,  a research institution based in  Tehran .	Cultural Research Bureau	---	Tehran	-	Missing
94	Mr. Ratner ,  who built the Metrotech office center  in downtown Brooklyn , is a major player on 42d Street with a development on the south side of the street that will include a huge movie complex and Madame Tussaud 's wax museum .	Mr. Ratner	built office center	Metrotech	1	Correct
95	Our reviewer , Jay Winik ,  called Sears 's reconstruction '' the Civil War equivalent of a modern spy satellite photograph  .	Jay Winik	---	Sears	-	Missing
96	The International Monetary Fund and the World Bank formally offered membership today to Russia , Ukraine and most of the other  former Soviet republics  .	Ukraine	---	Soviet	-	Missing
97	By contrast , he believes , `` The Duchess of Malfi , '' which dates from 1612 , has a dense , sinewy quality not to be found even in Shakespeare , Webster  's older contemporary  : `` It 's about the supernatural , about sex , politics , spirituality , redemption , told through a poetic medium .	Shakespeare	---	Webster	-	Missing
98	The 35-year-old O'Brien , a son-in-law of Jack Ramsay , coach of the Indiana Pacers , joins Stu Jackson and Brendan Malone as Pitino 's aides .	Stu Jackson	joins joins	Brendan Malone	0	Mistake
99	Melvin R. Sampson ,  chairman of the  Yakima Tribal Council , said in an Aug. 14 letter to Senator Daniel K. Inouye , the Hawaii Democrat who heads the Select Committee on Indian Affairs , and Senator Daniel J. Evans of Washington , the panel 's ranking Republican , that the sentences '' are so severe and so disproportionately long for such minor violations that it numbs one 's feelings toward the supposed impartiality of the penal system in our county . ''	Melvin R. Sampson	chairman	Yakima Tribal Council	1	Correct
100	Andrew Kohut ,  an independent pollster for the  Pew Research Center for the People and the Press , says the new formulation mostly fills the need for political theater and good visuals .	Andrew Kohut	independent pollster	Pew Research Center	1	Correct
101	The Field Poll showed Mr. Bush  's share of the Republican vote  rising from a dangerously low 66 percent in July to a more healthy 83 percent now , while Mr. Dukakis was backed by 22 percent of the Republicans in July and 10 percent now .	Mr. Bush	---	Republican	-	Missing
102	But critics say that while Mr. Clinton   may show tactical skill at managing the Kosovo conflict day to day  , that is all he is doing -- keeping a potential strategic disaster under control 24 hours at a time .	Mr. Clinton	---	Kosovo	-	Missing
103	Another sizable saving in the Council 's plan would come in the Law Department ,  whose head , Corporation Counsel  Paul A. Crotty , has provided the Mayor with the legal opinions that the Council 's own budget plan would violate the Charter .	Law Department	---	Paul A. Crotty	-	Missing
104	Denise Majette , who unseated the fiery Cynthia A. McKinney to become the Democratic nominee for Congress in the black-majority suburbs outside of Atlanta , graduated from Yale and Duke Law School .	Cynthia A. McKinney	nominee	Congress	0	Mistake
105	' They handled it in their normal manner , which is the way most millionaires do , '' said Representative William H. Gray 3d ,  the House majority whip  , '' which is to pound their breast and say we can not dare to talk about a cost-of-living adjustment , while living off their interest and their speaking fees . ''	William H. Gray 3d	majority whip	House	1	Correct
106	Chalk outlines and stenciled labels indicate the streets and houses of Dogville , a tiny Depression-era town in the Rocky Mountains to which Ms. Kidman  's character  , Grace , escapes , apparently running from big-city gangsters .	Ms. Kidman	character	Grace	1	Correct
107	It was after hearing Karlheinz Stockhausen  's forbidding studies for solo piano , the  '' Klavierstucke , '' that Mr. Braxton decided to '' create a vocabulary , a syntax for solo saxophone . ''	Karlheinz Stockhausen	---	Klavierstucke	-	Missing
108	CHICAGO BEARS -- Released CB Todd McMillon , LB LeVar Woods , RB Zach Abron , RB Antoineo Harris , LB Derrick Ballard , QB Ryan Dinwiddie , P Gabe Lindstrom , DE Shurron Pierson , OL A.J. Ricker , TE Darnell Sanders , TE Ron Johnson , CB Leroy Smith and DE Greg White .	Derrick Ballard	Released Released	Gabe Lindstrom	0	Mistake
109	`` I do n't see any radical change for our company , '' said David Westin ,  the president of production for  Capital Cities\/ABC Inc. `` But in the next year or so , I would expect you might see all sorts of new deals between networks and studios , joint ventures and creative financing of programs . ''	David Westin	---	Capital Cities\/ABC Inc.	-	Missing
110	He spent three years there before being moved to a camp in Mordova ,  300 miles from  Moscow , next to a secret prison for foreigners where captives had only numbers , not names .	Mordova	---	Moscow	-	Missing
111	Dr. Sipsalao Phasaisi of Tchepone District Clinic , a diffident 34-year-old man who learned all his medicine through interpreters from Soviet and French  teachers in  Vientiane , the capital , said the latest mine deaths occurred last year , when a farmer struck a missile with his shovel .	Soviet	---	Vientiane	-	Missing
112	Mr. Hamanaka had been in charge of copper trading at Sumitomo , which traders believe controls about 70 percent of the copper stockpiles held in the London Metal Exchange  warehouse  in  Long Beach , Calif.	London Metal Exchange	---	Long Beach , Calif.	-	Missing
113	Indeed , while other factors are also at play , last year 's contribution per worker for traditional pensions , known as defined benefit plans , was nearly 50 percent below the peak in 1978 , adjusted for inflation , and barely above the level in 1964 , according to Sylvester J. Schieber ,  vice president for research at the  Wyatt Company , a benefits consulting group .	Sylvester J. Schieber	---	Wyatt Company	-	Missing
114	The eldest of five children , Mr. Sommers  took a semester off from  St. John 's College in Collegeville , Minn. , to study Spanish at the University of Seville .	Mr. Sommers	---	St. John 's College	-	Missing
115	Also , King said that HBO would n't meet Holyfield 's salary demands and would n't let him take the fight to Showtime , HBO  's major cable rival  where King 's bouts are broadcast .	Showtime	---	HBO	-	Missing
116	Mrs. Pendergast  is a health care administrator at the  Kennedy Krieger Institute in Baltimore .	Mrs. Pendergast	health care administrator	Kennedy Krieger Institute in Baltimore	1	Correct
117	Grgurich  was admitted to a California hospital  more than a week ago suffering from symptoms related to exhaustion .	Grgurich	---	California	-	Missing
118	The sponsors , Senator Kenneth P. LaValle , Republican of Port Jefferson , and Assemblymen Marc S. Alessi ,  Democrat of  Wading River , and Fred W. Thiele Jr. , Republican of Sag Harbor , oppose the project and say too little is known about public costs for the police , firefighters and municipal services to protect a privately owned project and to be prepared for an accident or attack .	Assemblymen Marc S. Alessi	---	Wading River	-	Missing
119	A Republican strategist from Washington was spotted on Sunset Strip the other day , in town to talk to Tom Selleck about running for the Senate against Barbara Boxer next year , or perhaps in 2000 , if Dianne Feinstein becomes governor and  vacates her Senate seat  .	Dianne Feinstein	vacates seat	Senate	1	Correct
120	American independent cinema will also be represented by Hal Hartley 's `` Flirt , '' Noah Baumbach 's `` Kicking and Screaming '' and `` The Gate of Heavenly Peace , '' Carma Hinton and Richard Gordon  's documentary about the massacre in  Tiananmen Square .	Richard Gordon	---	Tiananmen Square	-	Missing
121	One of the prize students in Mr. Wing 's group is Lloyd Doppman ,  a detective with the  Nassau County Police Department who is fluent in Mandarin .	Lloyd Doppman	detective	Nassau County Police Department	1	Correct
122	Natasha Richardson  is to make her New York stage debut  in the title role of Eugene O'Neill 's `` Anna Christie , '' about a woman who tries to improve her life despite a questionable past .	Natasha Richardson	---	New York	-	Missing
123	It was no secret that the Jets liked Browning Nagle ,  the Louisville quarterback  they used their first draft pick on today .	Browning Nagle	quarterback	Louisville	1	Correct
124	The official , Bennett W. Raley ,  an assistant secretary of the  interior , decided on Sunday night to make the trip after it became apparent that the parties '' were close enough to make it worth going , '' said a spokesman , Kip White .	Bennett W. Raley	---	interior	-	Missing
125	Then there was the Philadelphia episode , a stunning 40-8 49ers loss to the Eagles in which Young  was pulled from the game by Coach  George Seifert to avoid injury  .	Young	---	George Seifert	-	Missing
126	 Last year 's French Open men 's champion  , GUSTAVO KUERTEN , who made an affable enough exit in the second round of singles , where he fell to Russia 's 18-year-old MARAT SADE , was thrown out of his doubles quarterfinal Tuesday evening after he got into a squabble with head umpire BRUNO REBEUH and hurled his racquet toward the official .	French Open	---	GUSTAVO KUERTEN	-	Missing
127	BAROID CORP. ,  a Houston-based supplier of petroleum services  , said it had signed a definitive agreement to acquire Sub Sea International , Inc. , a privately held company , from the Energy Recovery Fund of Chevy Chase , Md. , and other shareholders .	BAROID CORP.	supplier	Houston-based	1	Correct
128	-LRB- These works all receive impassioned and expert advocacy from members of the Group for Contemporary Music ,  which Mr. Wuorinen founded  in 1962 . -RRB-	Group for Contemporary Music	---	Mr. Wuorinen	-	Missing
129	Miller  's teams at City played  Army .	Miller	---	Army	-	Missing
130	But Robert ,  fearing Gertrude 's inflexibility  , balks .	Robert	fearing inflexibility	Gertrude	1	Correct
131	This is the Missoula Children 's Theater  dramatization  of the original Grimm Brothers ' tale  , designed for children and the casting of some 50 parts to be done by auditions .	Missoula Children 's Theater	---	Grimm Brothers	-	Missing
132	While traveling aboard  a trans-Atlantic liner to London  , David Brooke , the tormented hero of McElroy 's first novel , tries to connect eight jumbled manuscripts into a single narrative recounting the lives and sufferings of his family and friends .	trans-Atlantic	---	David Brooke	-	Missing
133	For 50 years , ever since President Harry S. Truman swore in Adm. Sidney W. Souers  as the nation 's first Director of  Central Intelligence , there have been complaints about United States intelligence .	Sidney W. Souers	---	Central Intelligence	-	Missing
134	`` There is no agreement if there is no guarantee from the big nations , '' General Ali predicted , `` and that means the United States and Western Europe . ''	United States	means means	Western Europe	0	Mistake
135	William Tanui , Olympic gold medalist , and Paul Ruto , a gold medalist at the 1993 world championship , represent Africa at 800 meters .	William Tanui	represent represent	Paul Ruto	0	Mistake
136	James Rocap ,  one of Mr. Meese 's attorneys  , has said his client had no '' personal and substantial involvement '' in Government matters pertaining to the regional companies .	James Rocap	---	Mr. Meese	-	Missing
137	President Bill Clinton  ordered the  Pentagon to draw up plans for a military strike when the North threatened to begin production in 1994 , but a nuclear freeze agreement was reached later that year .	Bill Clinton	---	Pentagon	-	Missing
138	He was the youngest player in his threesome , joined by 54-year-old Tom Kite , who shot 72 , and 61-year-old Raymond Floyd ,  who won the Open at  Shinnecock in 1986 .	Raymond Floyd	won	Shinnecock	1	Correct
139	But it was widely reported - even by the official Soviet news agency Tass - that the Lacrosse  was being deployed to observe  Soviet and Eastern European  military operations through darkness or cloud cover  .	Lacrosse	---	Eastern European	-	Missing
140	PRODUCER -- Squier Knapp Dunn Communications  in consultation with  David Garth .	Squier Knapp Dunn Communications	---	David Garth	-	Missing
141	Although Cuba  has joined the North Korean boycott of the Olympics  , the Cuban players have told their American counterparts during their current tour of the United States that they think their country will change its mind .	Cuba	joined boycott	North Korean	1	Correct
142	Burt A. Adelman , M.D. Executive Vice President Research and Development James C. Mullen President and CEO James L. Vincent  Chairman of the  Board Biogen , Inc.	James L. Vincent	---	Board Biogen , Inc.	-	Missing
143	Julia Searles ,  a Greyhound ticket agent in  Boston , said business travelers usually caught the 7:20 a.m.	Julia Searles	ticket agent	Boston	1	Correct
144	Jeanne Yate  's third-grade class in  Wellston , Okla. , sold birdseed for 50 cents a bag and sent Jessica $ 421 .	Jeanne Yate	---	Okla.	-	Missing
145	The proposal received an enthusiastic endorsement yesterday from Senator Alan J. Dixon ,  an Illinois Democrat  who heads the consumer and regulatory affairs subcommittee of the Senate Banking Committee .	Alan J. Dixon	---	Illinois	-	Missing
146	LEAD : The Campeau Corporation 's rocky 18-month adventure in American retailing has run into its biggest cash squeeze yet , forcing its American  subsidiaries , which own  Bloomingdale 's , Jordan Marsh and other national chains , to say they might have to file for bankruptcy protection .	American	---	Jordan Marsh	-	Missing
147	But Mr. Goldfeder 's failure thus far to accomplish that goal , according to analysts , is a major reason why he now finds himself having to fight off an unwanted $ 4.2 billion bid from Robert Campeau ,  the Toronto-based real estate developer  .	Robert Campeau	real estate developer	Toronto-based	1	Correct
148	Part II Minnesota had not beaten Ohio State in Columbus since 1949 -- until Saturday , when Glen Mason ,  who played and coached under  Woody Hayes , led the Golden Gophers to a 29-17 victory .	Glen Mason	played	Woody Hayes	1	Correct
149	Miss de Ribere has choreographed stronger pieces than '' Orchesographie '' -LRB- to the score by Peter Warlock and Alan Gout used for Frederick Ashton 's early ballet '' Capriol Suite '' -RRB- , in which some uncharacteristic cuteness marred her shifting clever patterns and references to the Renaissance dance manual associated with the music .	Alan Gout	used	Frederick Ashton	0	Mistake
150	The quartet also played '' Evic Taksim , ''  a work by the late-19th-century Turkish composer  Tanburi Cemil Bey in a recent arrangement by Stephen Prutsman that captures the work 's modal , sweetly decorative Middle Eastern flavor .	Evic Taksim	---	Tanburi Cemil Bey	-	Missing
151	Mr. Yeremin ,  who had just toured Europe with the play  , enthusiastically described the interrelationship of the characters , the actors and the audience .	Mr. Yeremin	toured	Europe	1	Correct
152	Dr. Bosch fled Miami in 1974 while on parole for a 1972 conviction for leading a bazooka attack on a Polish freighter moored in Miami .	Dr. Bosch	fled	Miami	1	Correct
153	It is a big hit with Mr. McKeon , 41 , -- the son of Robert McKeon ,  an I.B.M. executive  who formed and presided over Westchester County 's Right-to-Life party -- despite the fact that he has only shot a gun once .	Robert McKeon	---	I.B.M.	-	Missing
154	Bill Jones ,  a former California secretary of  state , is favored to win the Republican Senate primary against several lesser-known candidates .	Bill Jones	former secretary	state	1	Correct
155	One of the reports released on Wednesday found that  an American company  , DynCorp , appeared to act almost independently of its contracting officers at the Department of State at times , billing the United States for millions of dollars of work that was never authorized and starting other jobs before they were requested .	American	company	DynCorp	1	Correct
156	Ullmann  herself studied English literature at  New York University and is now a literary critic in Norway .	Ullmann	studied literature	New York University	1	Correct
157	He is third now , behind Rice -LRB- 92 -RRB- and running back Charlie Garner -LRB- 91 -RRB- ,  to whom the Raiders throw short passes  .	Charlie Garner	throw short passes throw short passes	Raiders	1	Correct
158	He and Dr. Bob Lyons ,  a range extension specialist  at  Texas A & M University , have begun a research program that uses G.P.S.-equipped collars developed to track wild animals to pinpoint exactly where cattle are eating or resting on a 4,200-acre research ranch .	Dr. Bob Lyons	---	Texas A & M University	-	Missing
159	Michael Carson  was introduced to ceramics in the Peace Corps in  Tunisia .	Michael Carson	introduced	Tunisia	1	Correct
160	I choose the Airline Information and Reservations branch , which triggers a new menu that includes O.A.G. , Eaasy Sabre and Travelshopper .	Eaasy Sabre	includes includes	Travelshopper	0	Mistake
161	Half of those still without electricity are in Alabama , where soft-wood trees and power lines were particularly vulnerable to the hurricane 's gusts , said Scott Adcock ,  a spokesman for the  Alabama Emergency Management Agency .	Scott Adcock	spokesman	Alabama Emergency Management Agency	1	Correct
162	On the road to big-time college ball , the game goes according to Gene Pingatore ,  the domineering St. Joseph coach  .	Gene Pingatore	domineering coach	St. Joseph	1	Correct
163	The Chargers did not move into Jets territory until their sixth drive , and then they were ushered in by a 15-yard personal foul on Donnie Abraham ,  for body-slamming} Tomlinson out of bounds  .	Donnie Abraham	---	Tomlinson	-	Missing
164	And that the administration vowed to get Osama and Saddam and W.M.D. , and has n't .	Osama	get get	Saddam	0	Mistake
165	Ruud Polet ,  a spokesman for ING in  Amsterdam , said the British firm would retain the Barings name .	Ruud Polet	---	Amsterdam	-	Missing
166	Howard Thistle , MD Vice Chairman & Clinical Program Director Mathew Lee , MD Howard A. Rusk Professor of Rehab Medicine Rusk\/NYU Medical Center	Vice Chairman & Clinical Program	---	Mathew Lee	-	Missing
167	Rogues Hurt Iraq Police  An American effort to rebuild the Iraqi police  , undermanned and slow to get started , has become overwhelmed by corruption , political vengeance and lawlessness as rogue police units and other government security forces are accused of carrying out massacres and violence on behalf of political or tribal groups .	American	---	Iraqi	-	Missing
168	His father owned Transmop ,  a freight-trucking company in  Sao Paulo .	Transmop	freight-trucking company	Sao Paulo	1	Correct
169	Jakobson  already owns a daybed by the sculptor  Rachel Whiteread and a rug by Barbara Bloom , and she has commissioned Tom Sachs to design a stand-up bar in place of the Donald Deskey dining table .	Jakobson	---	Rachel Whiteread	-	Missing
170	An elegant Egyptian-American human rights adviser with the C.P.A. , Hassanein  worked closely with  Holland and shared her commitment .	Hassanein	---	Holland	-	Missing
