1	Major blue-chip stocks like Philip Morris , General Motors and Proctor & Gamble led the rally .	Philip Morris	---	General Motors and Proctor & Gamble
2	Ralph Holzfaster ,  a farmer and farm-supply store operator in  Ogallala , Neb. , says of the last few days events , `` If anything good comes out of this , it might be that it puts some of these LBOs on the skids . ''	Ralph Holzfaster	farmer	Ogallala
3	Meanwhile , as the first of more than 1,300 East Germans trying to flee to the West through Poland renounced their citizenship , a West German newspaper reported that regional Communist officials demanded the dismissal of hard-line leader Honecker .	Poland	---	Honecker
4	The Washington Post reported that unidentified senior administration officials were frustrated with Webster 's low-profile activities during the insurrection and wanted him replaced .	Washington Post	---	Webster
5	Mr. Farley said the sale of three of Cluett 's four main divisions plus other `` anticipated '' West Point-Pepperell asset sales by December , should bring in a total of about $ 700 million .	Mr. Farley	---	Cluett
6	U.S. holders now own more than 60 % of Blue Arrow compared with 9 % last January .	U.S.	---	Blue Arrow
7	`` Our balance sheets look like they came from Alice 's wonderland , '' Mr. Fromstein said .	Alice	---	Mr. Fromstein
8	Mr. Sim figures it will be easier to turn Barry Wright around since he 's now in the driver 's seat .	Mr. Sim	---	Barry Wright
9	And 10 minutes after the UAL trading halt came news that the UAL group could n't get financing for its bid .	UAL	---	UAL
10	That 's when George L. Ball ,  chairman of the Prudential Insurance Co. of America unit  , took to the internal intercom system to declare that the plunge was only `` mechanical . ''	George L. Ball	chairman	Prudential Insurance Co.
11	`` The assets are good , but they require more money and management '' than can be provided in L.J. Hooker 's current situation , said Mr. Simpson in an interview . ``	L.J. Hooker	---	Mr. Simpson
12	Other Hooker properties included are a 20-story office tower in midtown Atlanta , expected to be completed next February ; vacant land sites in Florida and Ohio ; L.J. Hooker International , the commercial real-estate brokerage company that  once did business as  Merrill Lynch Commercial Real Estate , plus other shopping centers .	L.J. Hooker International	business	Merrill Lynch Commercial Real Estate
13	Since then , Hooker Corp. has sold its interest in the Parisian chain back to Parisian 's management and is currently attempting to sell the B. Altman & Co. chain .	Hooker Corp.	---	Parisian
14	Windsor Fund 's John Neff and Mutual Series ' Michael Price said they had raised their cash levels to more than 20 % and 30 % , respectively , this year .	John Neff	---	Michael Price
15	Elaine Garzarelli , who runs Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. 's $ 335 million Sector Analysis Portfolio , predicts the market will open down at least 50 points on technical factors and `` some panic selling .	Elaine Garzarelli	---	Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc.
16	At this point , no other America West flights -- including its new service at San Antonio , Texas ; Newark , N.J. ; and Palmdale , Calif. -- have been affected by the delays in Boeing deliveries .	America West	---	San Antonio
17	Last week , Boeing  Chairman  Frank Shrontz sent striking workers a letter , saying that `` to my knowledge , Boeing 's offer represents the best overall three-year contract of any major U.S. industrial firm in recent history . ''	Boeing	Chairman	Frank Shrontz
18	Mr. Richardson would n't offer specifics regarding Atco 's proposed British project , but he said it would compete for customers with two huge British power generating companies that would be formed under the country 's plan to privatize its massive water and electric utilities .	Mr. Richardson	---	Atco
19	The partnership , Kaufman & Broad Land Development Venture Limited Partnership , is a 50-50 joint venture with a trust created by institutional clients of Heitman Advisory Corp. ,  a unit of  Heitman Financial Corp. , a real estate advisory , management and development company with offices in Chicago and Beverly Hills , Calif .	Heitman Advisory Corp.	unit	Heitman Financial Corp.
20	Through a venture with its investment banker , First Boston Corp. , Quantum completed in August an acquisition of Petrolane Inc. in a transaction valued at $ 1.18 billion .	First Boston Corp.	---	Petrolane Inc.
21	The EC and Japan --  the U.S. 's largest steel suppliers  -- have n't been filling their quotas to the full extent .	EC	suppliers	U.S.
22	The company introduced a superconcentrated Lemon Cheer in Japan after watching the success of Attack .	Lemon Cheer	---	Japan
23	Kao officials previously have said they are interested in selling detergents in the U.S. , but so far the company has focused on acquisitions , such as last year 's purchase of Andrew Jergens Co. ,  a Cincinnati hand-lotion maker  .	Andrew Jergens Co.	maker	Cincinnati
24	Asked to compare her visit to Mr. Mosbacher 's , Mrs. Hills replied : `` I did n't hear every word he spoke , but as a general proposition , I think we have a very consistent trade strategy in the Bush administration . ''	Mr. Mosbacher	---	Mrs. Hills
25	A spokeswoman said Sulka  operates a total of seven stores in the U.S. and overseas  .	Sulka	operates	U.S.
26	The Bush administration , trying to blunt growing demands from Western Europe for a relaxation of controls on exports to the Soviet bloc , is questioning whether Italy 's Ing . C. Olivetti & Co. supplied militarily valuable technology to the Soviets .	Bush	---	Western Europe
27	Italian President Francesco Cossiga promised a quick investigation into whether Olivetti broke Cocom rules .	Francesco Cossiga	---	Olivetti
28	The move closely follows a similar  offer by Salomon of warrants for shares of  Hongkong & Shanghai Banking Corp .	Salomon	offer	Hongkong & Shanghai Banking Corp
29	Also named in the suit is Ivan F. Boesky Corp. and Northview Corp. ,  the successor company to  Vagabonds Hotels .	Northview Corp.	successor	Vagabonds Hotels
30	In theory at least , tight supplies next spring could leave the wheat futures market susceptible to a supply-demand squeeze , said Daniel Basse ,  a futures analyst with AgResource Co. in Chicago  .	Daniel Basse	analyst	AgResource Co.
31	On the New York Mercantile Exchange , West Texas Intermediate crude for November delivery finished at $ 20.89 a barrel , up 42 cents on the day .	New York Mercantile Exchange	---	West Texas
32	That speculation abounded Friday as industry executives analyzed the appointment of the new chief executive , Robert Louis-Dreyfus ,  who joins Saatchi and becomes a member of its board on Jan. 1  .	Robert Louis-Dreyfus	joins	Saatchi
33	California 's Glendale Federal Bank awarded its $ 12 million to $ 15 million account to the Los Angeles office of Omnicom Group  's BBDO agency  .	Omnicom Group	agency	BBDO
34	Samsung  already owns  Korea First Advertising Co. , that country 's largest agency .	Samsung	owns	Korea First Advertising Co.
35	In New York , the Bonwit Teller and B. Altman & Co. department stores have filed for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code , while the R.H. Macy & Co. , Bloomingdale 's and Saks Fifth Avenue department-store chains are for sale .	New York	---	Bonwit Teller and B. Altman & Co.
36	`` Times Co. 's regional daily newspapers are holding up well , but there is little sign that things will improve in the New York market , '' said Alan Kassan ,  an analyst with  Shearson Lehman Hutton .	Alan Kassan	analyst	Shearson Lehman Hutton
37	Against that backdrop , UAW  Vice President  Stephen P. Yokich , who recently became head of the union 's GM department , issued a statement Friday blasting GM 's `` flagrant insensitivity '' toward union members .	UAW	President	Stephen P. Yokich
38	At Pontiac , however , the Camaro-Firebird decision appears to erase UAW hopes that GM would reopen the shuttered assembly plant that last built the plastic-bodied , two-seater Pontiac Fiero model .	Pontiac	---	UAW
39	Viren Mehta ,  a partner with  Mehta & Isaly , a New York-based pharmaceutical industry research firm , said the government 's ruling was n't unexpected .	Viren Mehta	partner	Mehta & Isaly
40	Less robust earnings at Pfizer Inc. and Upjohn Co. were attributed to those companies ' older products , many of which face stiffening competition from generic drugs and other medicines .	Pfizer Inc.	---	Upjohn Co.
41	In Indianapolis , Lilly declined comment .	Indianapolis	---	Lilly
42	However , most people , having been subjected to news footage of the devastated South Bronx , look at the borough the way Tom Wolfe 's Sherman McCoy did in `` Bonfire of the Vanities '' -- as a wrong turn into hell .	South Bronx	---	Tom Wolfe
43	Harry fondly remembers the `` old '' days of the early '70s , when people like his friend Travis would take a psychiatrist on a date to analyze what Travis was doing wrong .	Travis	---	Travis
44	`` I 'm not going to worry about one day 's decline , '' said Kenneth Olsen , Digital Equipment Corp.  president  , who was leisurely strolling through the bright orange and yellow leaves of the mountains here after his company 's shares plunged $ 5.75 to close at $ 86.50 .	Kenneth Olsen	president	Digital Equipment Corp.
45	`` As businesses contract or depart , the number of employees who might use retail services shrinks , '' says Edward A. Friedman ,  senior vice president of  Helmsley Spear Inc .	Edward A. Friedman	president	Helmsley Spear Inc
46	Columbia Laboratories Inc. , Miami ,  began trading with the symbol  COB .	Columbia Laboratories Inc.	trading	COB
47	`` Brennan and Marshall are speaking in their dissents to a more distant future , '' he says .	Brennan	---	Marshall
48	NCNB continued its foray into the Florida and Texas markets .	NCNB	---	Florida
49	Meridian Bancorp Inc. , Reading , Pa. ,  will acquire  Hill Financial Savings Association, Red Hill , Pa. , which had $ 2.3 billion in assets .	Meridian Bancorp Inc.	acquire	Hill Financial Savings Association
50	Trans World Airlines Inc. ,  offering of $ 150 million senior notes , via  Drexel Burnham .	Trans World Airlines Inc.	offering	Drexel Burnham
51	When the news broke of an attempted coup in Panama two weeks ago , Sen. Christopher Dodd  called the State Department for a briefing  .	Sen. Christopher Dodd	called	State Department
52	Already , CNN  is facing stronger competition from  Financial News Network Inc. and General Electric Co. 's Consumer News and Business Channel , both of which are likely to pursue more general news in the future .	CNN	competition	Financial News Network Inc.
53	`` We would obviously be upset if those kinds of services evolved into more general-interest , long-format programming , '' says Robert Stengel ,  senior vice president , programming , of  Continental Cablevision Inc. , which holds a 2 % stake in Turner Broadcasting .	Robert Stengel	president	Continental Cablevision Inc.
54	Charles Haworth ,  a lawyer for  Sunbelt , says he plans to file a brief this week urging the district judge to dismiss the suits , because Sunbelt 's liabilities exceeded its assets by about $ 2 billion when federal regulators closed it in August 1988 .	Charles Haworth	lawyer	Sunbelt
55	The 77-year-old Sisulu ,  sentenced to life in 1964 along with black nationalist  Nelson Mandela for plotting to overthrow the government , said equality for blacks in South Africa was in reach .	Sisulu	along	Nelson Mandela
56	South Korea  's President  Roh traveled to the U.S. for a five-day visit that is expected to focus on ties between Washington and Seoul .	South Korea	President	Roh
57	A group of Arby 's franchisees said they formed an association to oppose Miami Beach  financier  Victor Posner 's control of the restaurant chain .	Miami Beach	financier	Victor Posner
58	We support all efforts to remove Victor Posner  from control of  Arby 's Inc. and the Arby 's system . ''	Victor Posner	control	Arby 's Inc.
59	`` I think the resurgence -LCB- in inflation -RCB- is going to continue for a few months , '' said John Mueller ,  chief economist at  Bell Mueller Cannon , a Washington economic forecasting firm .	John Mueller	economist	Bell Mueller Cannon
60	In American Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , CenTrust common shares closed at $ 3 , down 12.5 cents .	American Stock Exchange	---	CenTrust
61	`` The trend is pretty well established now that local programs are the most popular , with American programs second , '' says Brian Wenham ,  a former director of programs for the  British Broadcasting Corp .	Brian Wenham	director	British Broadcasting Corp
62	But neither Matra nor GEC -- unrelated to Stamford , Conn.  based  General Electric Co. -- are sitting quietly by as their competitors join forces .	Stamford	based	General Electric Co.
63	At least one potential GEC  partner  , Matra , insists it is n't interested in Ferranti .	GEC	partner	Matra
64	`` The capability of existing fields to deliver oil is dropping , '' and oil exploration activity is also down dramatically , as many producers shift their emphasis to natural gas , said Ronald Watkins ,  vice president for government and industry relations with Interprovincial 's parent  , Interhome Energy Inc .	Ronald Watkins	president	Interhome Energy Inc
65	Mr. Lichtblau stressed that the delay of Interprovincial 's proposed expansion wo n't by itself increase U.S. dependence on offshore crude , however , since Canadian imports are limited in any case by Canada 's falling output .	Mr. Lichtblau	---	Interprovincial
66	`` It creates uncertainty and usually slows down sales , '' said Russ Crabs ,  an analyst at  Soundview Financial Group .	Russ Crabs	analyst	Soundview Financial Group
67	Mr. Brown estimates Wyse , whose terminals business is strong , will report a loss of 12 cents a share for its quarter ended Sept .	Mr. Brown	---	Wyse
68	`` Obviously they 're not in touch with what 's going on , '' says Tom Manske ,  vice president of the  National Pocket Billiards Association .	Tom Manske	president	National Pocket Billiards Association
69	In `` Chicken Soup , '' Mr. Mason  plays  Jackie , a Jewish bachelor courting Maddie -LRB- Lynn Redgrave -RRB- , an Irish widow and mother of three , against the wishes of his mother -LRB- Rita Karin -RRB- and her brother Michael -LRB- Brandon Maggart -RRB- .	Mr. Mason	plays	Jackie
70	`` No one can predict exactly what will happen on the House side , '' said Senate  Minority Leader  Robert Dole -LRB- R. , Kan . -RRB- .	Senate	Leader	Robert Dole
71	Also missing from the Senate bill is the House 's repeal of a law , called Section 89 , that compels companies to give rank-and-file workers comparable health benefits to top paid executives .	Senate	---	House
72	The approval of the Senate bill was especially sweet for Sen. Mitchell , who had proposed the streamlining .	Senate	---	Sen. Mitchell
73	 A quantitative analyst with  Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. , Ms. Garzarelli had warned clients to take their money out of the market before the 1987 crash .	Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc.	analyst	Ms. Garzarelli
74	If the dollar stays weak , he says , that will add to inflationary pressures in the U.S. and make it hard for the Federal Reserve Board to ease interest rates very much .	U.S.	---	Federal Reserve Board
75	That the Journal defends `` the sleaze , fraud , waste , embezzlement , influence-peddling and abuse of the public that took place while Mr. Pierce  was secretary of  HUD , '' etc. and so forth .	Mr. Pierce	secretary	HUD
76	`` We could n't get dealers to answer their phones , '' said Robert King ,  senior vice president of OTC trading at  Robinson-Humphrey Co. in Atlanta .	Robert King	president	Robinson-Humphrey Co.
77	Jeremiah Mullins ,  the OTC trading chief at  Dean Witter Reynolds in New York , said proudly that his company executed every order it received by the close of trading .	Jeremiah Mullins	chief	Dean Witter Reynolds
78	Mr. Cecin of Piper Jaffray says some action from government policy makers would allay investor fears .	Mr. Cecin	---	Piper Jaffray
79	Neil Weisman , whose New York-based Chilmark Capital Partners had converted 85 % of its $ 220 million investment pool to cash in recent months , said he was besieged by Wall Street firms Friday asking him to take stock off their hands .	Neil Weisman	---	Chilmark Capital Partners
80	Bolar , of Copiague , N.Y. , earlier began a voluntary recall of both its 100 milligram and 50 milligram versions of the drug .	Bolar	---	N.Y.
81	Last month , Transportation Secretary Sam Skinner  forced Northwest Airlines to reduce a stake held by KLM Royal Dutch Airlines  .	Sam Skinner	forced	Northwest Airlines
82	`` There is no prospect of any so-called grand compromise or deal next year because the administration simply did n't live up to this year 's deal , '' Senate  Majority Leader  George Mitchell -LRB- D. , Maine -RRB- said yesterday on CBS News 's `` Face the Nation . ''	Senate	Leader	George Mitchell
83	Rep. Panetta said that OMB 's figure would still be enough to avoid permanent across-the-board cuts , but added : `` We 're getting very close to the margins here . ''	Panetta	---	OMB
84	West Virginia Parkways , Economic Development And Tourism Authority --	West Virginia	---	Economic Development And Tourism Authority
85	`` We hope to take advantage of it , '' said John Snyder , a member of a Los Angeles investors ' club .	John Snyder	---	Los Angeles
86	Discount brokerage customers `` have been in the market somewhat but not whole hog like they were two years ago , '' says Leslie Quick Jr. , chairman of the Quick & Reilly discount brokerage firm .	Leslie Quick Jr.	---	Quick & Reilly
87	In recent months , Compaq  's competition  , including Zenith , Toshiba Corp. , Tandy Corp. and NEC Corp. all have introduced portables that weigh approximately the same and that are called notebooks -- perhaps misleadingly .	Compaq	competition	Zenith
88	But the Dynabook product is twice as heavy and costs more than Compaq 's .	Dynabook	---	Compaq
89	Honeywell 's contract totaled $ 69.7 million , and IBM 's $ 68.8 million .	Honeywell	---	IBM
90	In Seattle , a Boeing spokesman explained that the company has been in constant communication with all of its customers and that it was impossible to predict what further disruptions might be triggered by the strike .	Seattle	---	Boeing
91	Martinair Holland  is based in  Amsterdam .	Martinair Holland	based	Amsterdam
92	Petrolane  is the second-largest propane distributor in the  U.S. .	Petrolane	distributor	U.S.
93	It also marks P&G 's growing concern that its Japanese rivals , such as Kao Corp. ,  may bring their superconcentrates to the  U.S. .	Kao Corp.	bring	U.S.
94	`` When shelf space was cheap , bigger was better , '' says Hugh Zurkuhlen ,  an analyst at  Salomon Bros .	Hugh Zurkuhlen	analyst	Salomon Bros
95	But Mrs. Hills , speaking at a breakfast meeting of the American Chamber of Commerce in Japan on Saturday , stressed that the objective `` is not to get definitive action by spring or summer , it is rather to have a blueprint for action . ''	Mrs. Hills	---	American Chamber of Commerce
96	Syms Corp.  completed the sale of its A. Sulka & Co. subsidiary , a men 's luxury haberdashery , to  Luxco Investments .	Syms Corp.	sale	Luxco Investments
97	Olivetti has denied that it violated Cocom rules , asserting that the reported shipments were properly licensed by the Italian authorities .	Olivetti	---	Cocom
98	Last summer , Mr. Bush moved the administration in the direction of gradual liberalization when he told a North Atlantic Treaty Organization meeting that he would allow some exceptions to the Cocom embargo of strategic goods .	Mr. Bush	---	North Atlantic Treaty Organization
99	But more recently , the Pentagon and the Commerce Department openly feuded over the extent to which Cocom should liberalize exports of personal computers to the bloc .	Pentagon	---	Commerce Department
100	Salomon Brothers International Ltd. ,  a British subsidiary of  Salomon Inc. , announced it will issue warrants on shares of Hong Kong Telecommunications Ltd .	Salomon Brothers International Ltd.	subsidiary	Salomon Inc.
