1	Cathleen Colella , the owner of the Hazardous Elimination Corporation ,  a hazardous substance remediation company based in  Farmingdale , N.Y. , agreed .	Hazardous Elimination Corporation	based	Farmingdale
2	The 14-year-old Yonkers resident Jeffrey Friedman will play the Haydn Trumpet Concerto and the 15-year-old White Plains resident Jungwoo Yoo will play Mozart 's Piano Concerto No. 23 , both with Elliot Magaziner leading the Conservatory Orchestra .	Yonkers	---	Haydn Trumpet Concerto
3	At first glance one might peg the ebullient Mr. Reilly as top banana and the earnest Ms. Harris as straight man .	Mr. Reilly	---	Ms. Harris
4	Nearly three million slow cookers are being recalled because of broken handles that pose a burn risk on thousands of them , according to the maker , Hamilton Beach and Proctor-Silex , of Glen Allen , Va. , and the Consumer Product Safety Commission .	Hamilton Beach	---	Glen Allen
5	In two House races , Representative Olympia J. Snowe defeated the Democrat , Patrick K. McGowan , and Thomas H. Andrews , a Democrat , crushed Linda Bean , a Republican and heiress to the L. L. Bean fortune .	Republican	---	L. L. Bean
6	Mr. Albert is survived by his wife of 60 years , Adeline ; a daughter , Sheila Kahn of Miami , Fla. ; a son , Jerome of Manhattan , and three grandsons .	Jerome	---	Manhattan
7	What fun , what with the costumes , the music , the pageantry , the pride , starting last evening with Italian night as the ethnically diverse Mets  met the equally diverse  Dodgers .	Mets	met	Dodgers
8	The main threat to the truce , however , continued to come from Srebrenica ,  about 100 miles east of  Sarajevo in a region of eastern Bosnia that has seen some of the war 's most brutal Serbian attacks on Muslims .	Srebrenica	miles	Sarajevo
9	Mr. Smith , who moved from Harlem to live with his sister in Tampa in 1974 , arrived `` with a strong Afro-nationalistic background , '' according to friends in Florida .	Tampa	---	Afro-nationalistic
10	Chalfonte Hotel , 301 Howard Street .	Chalfonte Hotel	---	Howard Street
11	The area is 65 miles east of Prudhoe Bay , North America  's largest oilfield  , and proponents say it has enough oil to constitute half of all domestic oil production in five years , an estimate that has been disputed .	Prudhoe Bay	oilfield	North America
12	And in a case of , at best , selective perception , Frazier and Breen discussed the Bobcats  ' road record -LRB- 9-32 after beating the   Knicks -RRB- and their youthful team 's penchant for blowing late leads .	Bobcats	beating	Knicks
13	The smells of old factories like these , and like Colgate-Palmolive in Jersey City or the Pabst brewery in Newark , tended to connect the neighborhoods of a city , pulling them together in a way that years later can exert a strong pull over people who have long since moved away .	Colgate-Palmolive	---	Newark
14	Stuart and Bette Blank of Madison , N.J. , is to be married today to Max Gerald DeShaw , a son of Katharine Rheinberger of Minneapolis and John DeShaw of Carlton , Minn.	John DeShaw	---	Carlton
15	Mr. Lyubimov , whose flamboyant and pointed staging of modern Soviet works such as Mikhail Bulgakov 's '' Master and Margarita '' defined what was acceptable in Soviet theater until the early 1980 's , had his Soviet citizenship lifted and is currently directing an adaptation of Dostoyevsky 's '' Crime and Punishment '' at the Arena Stage in Washington .	Soviet	---	Soviet
16	Three exits up the New Jersey Turnpike in East Brunswick , the Senate majority leader , Tom Daschle , warned that a loss by Mr. Torricelli , a fellow Democrat , could give Republicans control of the Senate and endanger environmental programs and abortion rights .	Democrat	---	Republicans
17	The bride , 25 years old , is a daughter of Dr. and Mrs. William Carroll Colston of Morristown , N.J.	Mrs. William Carroll Colston	---	N.J.
18	In the area of Mr. Cage 's progeny , Mr. Zukofsky has chosen music by Zoltan Jeney , a Hungarian Minimalist ; Christian Wolff ,  a French-born composer  who has adopted aspects of Mr. Cage 's '' chance '' approach ; Jo Kondo , a young Japanese composer who worked with Mr. Cage in New York , and the late Morton Feldman , a Cage student who , as Mr. Zukofsky notes , '' went his own way , and is probably the most important composer of the group . ''	Christian Wolff	composer	French-born
19	'' We began studying our packaging elements two years ago , and the changes are not at all related to Pepsi Blue , '' Mr. Bertini said .	Pepsi Blue	---	Mr. Bertini
20	Dr. Walters 's surivors include his wife , the former Mary Clifford ; four daughters , Julia Hein of Vancouver , B.C. , Catherine Dauito of Millville , N.J. , Christina Vertucci of Fort Collins , Colo. , and Margaret of Saga , Japan ; two sons , Hugh , of Fulda , Germany , and Kevin , of Lincoln , Ill. , and four granddaughters .	Hugh	---	Kevin
21	In an interview with Channel 10 television on Tuesday , Mr. Sharon said Israel would reserve the right to hit back if the Palestinians continued to attack after the withdrawal .	Mr. Sharon	---	Israel
22	He brought one , Genadi Zateev of Gosplan , the Soviet state planning agency , to the conference , and Mr. Zateev declared , rather metaphorically , that the Russian economy was experiencing one of its worst years since World War II .	Soviet	---	Mr. Zateev
23	Esteemed educator and administrator long associated with the Hebrew Institute -LRB- Etz Chaim -RRB- of Boro Park and as a teacher in charge of Montauk Evening Elementary School .	Boro Park	---	Montauk Evening Elementary School
24	12:48 P.M. , 8:19 A.M. - Loren Roberts , San Luis Obispo , Calif. ; Steve Elkington , Australia ; Brad Faxon , Orlando , Fla. .	Calif.	---	Orlando , Fla.
25	The First Annual Greenwich Village Folk Festival , the baseball field at Hudson and Clarkson Streets , -LRB- information : 228-4356 -RRB- .	Hudson	---	Clarkson Streets
26	Manhattan luxury hotels like the Four Seasons , the New York Palace and the St. Regis have had their share of problems since the World Trade Center attack .	Seasons	---	New York Palace
27	WITH : Aurelien Recoing -LRB- Vincent -RRB- , Karin Viard -LRB- Muriel -RRB- , Serge Livrozet -LRB- Jean-Michel -RRB- , Jean-Pierre Mangeot -LRB- Father -RRB- , Monique Mangeot -LRB- Mother -RRB- , Nicolas Kalsch -LRB- Julien -RRB- , Marie Cantet -LRB- Alice -RRB- and Felix Cantet -LRB- Felix -RRB- .	Nicolas Kalsch	---	Julien
28	The sudden switching of partners prompted by Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait has put Assad , the most vehemently anti-Israeli leader in the Arab world but a bitter foe of Iraqi President Saddam Hussein , in the same camp as Israel 's protector , the United States .	Assad	---	Arab
29	Aweil , like Abyei ,  is a Government-controlled town  .	Abyei	town	Government-controlled
30	If You 're Thinking of Living In Correction : October 7 , 2001 , Sunday The Gazetteer chart last Sunday with an article about living in the Madison  section of  Brooklyn referred incorrectly to the area 's City Council representation .	Madison	section	Brooklyn
31	Mayor Embraces U.S. Open The idea that a mayor would attend a major international sports event in his own backyard would not normally qualify as big news , but Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg 's trip to the Arthur Ashe Stadium in Flushing Meadows , Queens , reflects a policy change of sorts : his predecessor , Rudolph W. Giuliani , refused to attend the tournaments for eight years .	Flushing Meadows	---	Queens
32	Now in its 58th final , the United States  is pursuing a 30th Cup title  .	United States	pursuing	Cup
33	Escamillo , the toreador with whom Carmen becomes infatuated , has been changed to Nomakhaya -LRB- Lungelwa Blou -RRB- , an expatriate tenor who 's the son of a slain anti-apartheid activist .	Carmen	---	Lungelwa Blou
34	Mary Christine Szto , a daughter of Dr. Clarice Szto and the Rev. Dr. Paul Szto of Jamaica , Queens , was married there yesterday at Queens Christian Reformed Church to Urs Martin Lauchli ,   a son of  Alice Lauchli and Peter Lauchli , both of Winterthur , Switzerland .	Urs Martin Lauchli	son	Peter Lauchli
35	Apsley House in London ,  once the home of the first  Duke of Wellington , has reopened after a three-and-a-half year , $ 9.6 million restoration .	Apsley House	home	Duke
36	The date reflects how the meeting of Szilard and Einstein set off events that led to the bombing of Hiroshima and the dawn of the nuclear age .	Einstein	---	Hiroshima
37	Mr. Chao  cited a Dutch television program  that in the midst of a national debate over nudity on television showed a naked woman in a chair for 24 hours .	Mr. Chao	cited	Dutch
38	In recent weeks , political pressures have intensified over his Iraq policy as sentiment has grown among Democrats and some Republicans that the war has become reminiscent of Vietnam .	Iraq	---	Democrats
39	FULKERSON , Timothy A. , 20 , Specialist , Army ; Utica , Ky. ; 82nd Airborne Division .	Army	---	Ky.
40	As for the Senate campaign in New Hampshire , where Mr. Smith is fighting off a primary challenge from Representative John E. Sununu , the son of the onetime White House chief of staff to Mr. Bush 's father , Mr. Mehlman had warm words for both Republicans .	Senate	---	Mr. Smith
41	The difference is that Ms. Weld , having left Rutgers for the State Museum in Trenton , is guest instead of resident curator .	Rutgers	---	State Museum
42	The Army -LRB- and to a lesser extent the Marine Corps -RRB- must reshape its entire force , front to back , to fight the noncontiguous , nonlinear battles .	Army	---	Marine Corps
43	According to Federal prosecutors and court documents , Mr. Frankel absconded with $ 335 million in money he managed on behalf of insurance companies in five Southern states .	Federal	---	Mr. Frankel
44	Nelson Mandela today welcomed President F. W. de Klerk 's plans to repeal all of South Africa 's remaining apartheid laws , but said `` obstinate obstacles '' remained to a new constitution insuring full political rights for the country 's black majority .	F. W. de Klerk	---	South Africa
45	The Arendt centennial is now being celebrated with conferences and lectures in locations ranging from Germany to South Korea , from Kosovo to Australia -LRB- information : hannaharendt.org/conferences/conferences.html -RRB- , and one theme keeps recurring .	South Korea	---	Kosovo
46	The settlement ends a Justice Department investigation that began last year , after the Federal Reserve expressed concern that Fleet Mortgage charged more to minority borrowers than to whites at its Westbury and Woodbridge offices from August 1993 to June 1994 .	Westbury	---	Woodbridge
47	Three conservative Southern Democrats -- Ralph M. Hall and Charles W. Stenholm of Texas and Ken Lucas of Kentucky -- voted present , registering their philosophical differences with Ms. Pelosi , who has a liberal background .	Kentucky	---	Ms. Pelosi
48	Competition for the Hampton Cup begins Saturday and runs through Aug. 3 ; the Mercedes-Benz Cup will be sought from Aug. 10 through Aug. 24 .	Hampton Cup	---	Mercedes-Benz Cup
49	Although the World Service is financed by the British Government , the BBC itself is not ; it is a public corporation supported with user fees set by the Government .	World Service	---	BBC
50	Utah -LRB- 18-4 -RRB- and  its incomparable tandem of  Stockton and Karl Malone came to town having won 16 of their last 17 games and playing as well as any team in the National Basketball Association .	Utah	tandem	Stockton
51	Instead , the series skips ahead to 1996 's rather silly '' The Pillow Book , '' in which a Japanese supermodel -LRB- Vivian Wu -RRB- avenges her father by writing a diary on the body of her lover -LRB- Ewan McGregor -RRB- , and in which Greenaway 's taste for multiple images finally collapses into sensory overload .	Ewan McGregor	---	Greenaway
52	To his amazement , the tiny plastic American Indian that young Omri -LRB- Hal Scardino -RRB- is given for his birthday comes to life along with other toys in the confines of the boy 's new cupboard .	American Indian	---	Omri
53	A little self-control would not be a bad idea , which is why Schools Chancellor Rudy Crew  has ordered District 8 's board members to undergo conflict-resolution training after previous dust-ups among them  .	Rudy Crew	ordered	District 8
54	Here , Mr. Thaksin , like his Asian counterparts , turned a cold shoulder .	Mr. Thaksin	---	Asian
55	I have rented many holiday self-catering cottages in England and France and loved every minute of it .	England	---	France
56	But it is possible that Houlton residents mainly met Germans who said they disliked the Nazi cause , because the more committed Nazis chose not to speak with Americans .	Germans	---	Nazi
57	In May , Ana Marie Cox ,  the Internet gossip  whose Web log , Wonkette , focuses on Washington , published a link to another blogger who called herself the Washingtonienne .	Ana Marie Cox	gossip	Internet
58	WITH : Jason Biggs -LRB- Darren Silverman -RRB- , Steve Zahn -LRB- Wayne -RRB- , Jack Black -LRB- J. D. -RRB- , Amanda Peet -LRB- Judith -RRB- , R. Lee Ermey -LRB- Coach -RRB- , Amanda Detmer -LRB- Sandy -RRB- and Neil Diamond -LRB- himself -RRB- .	Amanda Peet	---	R. Lee Ermey
59	He is survived by his wife , the former Nancy Perry ; three sons , Glenn Jr. of Anderson , S.C. , Duncan of Richmond and Richard of Columbia , S.C. ; a sister , Mrs. John M. Howard of Toledo , Ohio , and a brother , Robert , of Destin , Fla.	Glenn Jr.	---	Anderson
60	They will get Iraqi oil , Iraq will get Western cash and Russian and Chinese weapons .	Western	---	Chinese
61	The dispute over how to best treat heart attack victims surfaced in November when the results of a major study on strategies in cardiology were reported at  an American Heart Association meeting in  Washington .	American Heart Association	meeting	Washington
62	Thomas Mallon : A New York Thanksgiving .	Thomas Mallon	---	New York
63	Among the assistant conductors and vocal coaches are Leonora Thom , music director of Christ Church in Riverdale ; Kyler Brown , music director of the Church of the Resurrection in Rye , and Robert Tate , music director of Christ Church in Greenwich .	Christ Church	---	Riverdale
64	'' What you really have to gear up to be able to handle in volume and with a certain degree of finesse and speed is fractures , '' says Dr. Rob Hunter of the Orthopedic Associates of Aspen and Glenwood .	Dr. Rob Hunter	---	Orthopedic Associates
65	\* Harmon Glass ,  an installation and distribution division of  Apogee Enterprises Inc. , to the Edison Group , Minneapolis , a subsidiary of Martin-Williams Advertising Inc. \* Lotus Development Corp. , Cambridge , Mass. , a computer software company , to Bronner Slosberg Humphrey Inc. , Boston .	Harmon Glass	division	Apogee Enterprises Inc.
66	On the main level the tenants are more democratic : Ticketron , Fotomat , Dunkin Donuts , Mr. Potato , Mrs. Fields .	Dunkin Donuts	---	Mrs. Fields
67	Under interrogation , Mr. Arvin -- a professor of American literature at Smith , winner of the 1951 National Book Award for his biography of Herman Melville , a friend of the critics Edmund Wilson and Malcolm Crowley and a former lover of Truman Capote -- named names , including those of Mr. Dorius and Edward Spofford , both untenured Smith professors .	National Book Award	---	Herman Melville
68	Federal regulators , who forced the removal of Mr. McDougal from the bank in 1986 , have told Congress that it was Mr. McDougal who drove the institution into the ground through several fraudulent land transactions .	Mr. McDougal	---	Congress
69	The cape , an hour or so away , has enticing beaches , great seafood , lots of antiques shops and a collection of eclectic museums , like the Edward Gorey House in Yarmouthport , left , devoted to the artist with a flair for the macabre .	Edward Gorey House	---	Yarmouthport
70	\* American Express Bank Ltd. , the banking subsidiary of American Express , named Marc S. Shoenfeld executive vice president and chief financial officer .	American Express	---	Marc S. Shoenfeld
71	ATLANTA -LRB- AP -RRB- - Reggie Miller equaled his career-high total with 36 points and Vern Fleming added 28 to power Indiana .	Reggie Miller	---	Vern Fleming
72	Chief Assistant District Attorney David Freundlich  identified Mr. Charafeddine as a member of the Hazbollah Terrorist Organization  , an Iranian-sponsored Shiite Moslem group that has been accused of various terrorist activities throughout the world .	David Freundlich	identified	Mr. Charafeddine
73	Four plays later , when the Cardinals punted , Mark Ingram of the Giants ran into the punter .	Mark Ingram	---	Giants
74	That has been particularly significant for Tanya Jones from Clara Barton High School in Brooklyn .	Tanya Jones	---	Clara Barton High School
75	Dr. Geddis  attended  Fordham Prep , Fordham University and graduated from Georgetown Medical School in 1933 .	Dr. Geddis	attended	Fordham University
76	When Avenamar Cruz thinks of Atopoltitlan , the little town in the Mexican state of Puebla that he left 19 years ago , he remembers the celebrations most of all .	Atopoltitlan	---	Mexican
77	Similar legislation was passed in March in Tennessee , where time-share resale brokers now are prohibited from accepting up-front fees for any reason , and therefore have no money for advertising , according to Gail Baiman , chairman of the International Resale Brokers Association in St. Petersburg , Fla. , and president of Independent Time Share Sales , a time-share resale company in St. Petersburg and Orlando .	Fla.	---	Independent Time Share Sales
78	And instead of being the greatest show on earth , the new show will qualify as one of the coziest : an intimate , upscale circus in a million-dollar custom-made Italian tent , tentatively titled '' Barnum 's Kaleidoscape : The Magical One-Ring Experience From Ringling Brothers . ''	Barnum	---	Ringling Brothers
79	Representative Charles Pashayan Jr. , Republican of California , the only member of Congress who is of Armenian descent , accompanied Mr. Bush to Fresno this week and later supported him , countering Representative Lehman 's criticism .	Mr. Bush	---	Fresno
80	Al Harrington , of St. Patrick 's High School in Elizabeth , N.J. , had the same expectations , but skipped college and joined Lopez as a first-round pick in the 1998 National Basketball Association draft .	Al Harrington	---	St. Patrick 's High School
81	At other times , however , it suggests a 1980 's variation on the prettified , idealized , sentimental view of kids favored by the Hollywood producers who made fortunes with Jackie Coogan , Jackie Cooper , Shirley Temple , Margaret O'Brien and their lesser spinoffs .	Jackie Coogan , Jackie Cooper	---	Shirley Temple
82	During Security Council testimony in February , before the United States-led war with Iraq , Secretary of State Colin L. Powell said that Al Qaeda training camps existed in northeastern Iraq .	United States-led	---	State
83	He is survived by his wife , the former Catherine Witherspoon ; two daughters , Catherine Ware of Scarsdale and Ann Bickford of Croton-on-Hudson , N.Y. ; a son , Charles , of Harrisburg , Pa. ; two sisters , Marianne Kidder of the Bronx and Ann Rebecca Land of Huntington , W. Va. , and four grandchildren .	Bronx	---	Huntington
84	People in the auditorium cheered the president-elect 's pledge that Americans  can count on  France .	Americans	count	France
85	Mr. Bisek  has to search for reliable Slovak editors  because he is not expert with Slovak .	Mr. Bisek	search	Slovak
86	-LRB- Richard Polich of the Tallix Foundry in Peekskill , N.Y. , on the Hudson , is , by the way , as inventive a caster as any artist could hope to work with . -RRB-	Richard Polich	---	N.Y.
87	Mr. Kim and other opposition leaders , for example ,  supported Mr. Roh 's decision  not to have a midterm referendum on his policies and have generally asked for patience among their supporters to let the President prove himself in office .	Mr. Kim	supported	Mr. Roh
88	Now that Richard Krajicek  pocketed a Grand Slam crown at   Wimbledon , Goran Ivanisevic remains the only member of the tennis brat pack without a slam to his name , so this Open is his last chance in 1996 to catch up with the other 20-something wonderboys .	Richard Krajicek	pocketed	Wimbledon
89	In a speech he gave not long ago at Weir 's , a huge seller of Stearns & Foster in Dallas , Mr. Wuliger showed his enthusiasm by wearing a sport coat in which the Stearns & Foster insignia had been repeatedly woven into the fabric .	Dallas	---	Mr. Wuliger
90	After high school he went to secretarial school and to Georgia State University and then worked for the Graham Paper Company .	Georgia State University	---	Graham Paper Company
91	BUFFALO SABRES --  Promoted  Gerry Meehan , general manager ,  to executive vice president for sports operations  .	BUFFALO SABRES	Promoted	Gerry Meehan
92	San Francisco 's most compelling story '' is the commitment of the people here to the Olympic movement , '' Ms. Cribbs said .	Olympic	---	Ms. Cribbs
93	NBC executives said last night that the decision had been made jointly by the NBC Universal president , Jeff Zucker , and the president of NBC News , Steve Capus .	Jeff Zucker	---	Steve Capus
94	I believe Maggie Gallagher is missing the point regarding Vice President Quayle 's comments about `` Murphy Brown , '' because what Mr. Quayle was criticizing was the morality , in his view , of choosing the single-parent life style -- this view , presumably , as a part of the `` family values '' campaign theme of the Republican Party -LRB- `` An Unwed Mother for Quayle , '' Op-Ed , Sept. 24 -RRB- .	Republican Party	---	Unwed Mother
95	His father retired as the head of the energy storage and conversion department for AT&T Bell Laboratories in Murray Hill , N.J.	AT&T Bell Laboratories	---	Murray Hill
96	On Monday afternoon , he said that someone stole a pair of diamond earrings from him at Gleason  's Gym in  Manhattan .	Gleason	Gym	Manhattan
97	He went into private practice in 1948 and in the 1950 's became a senior partner in Speziale , Mettling , Lefebre & Burns in Torrington .	Speziale	---	Lefebre & Burns
98	' We want to put our message out there in a unique way to make our brand more relevant , '' said Cort Cunningham ,  account director at  Gotham .	Cort Cunningham	director	Gotham
99	Mr. Cerpa rules out Dominican Republic , but not Cuba .	Dominican Republic	---	Cuba
100	`` They 're having terrible manpower problems ; no one wants to fight , '' said Milos Vasic , military writer for the Belgrade magazine Vreme .	Belgrade	magazine	Vreme
101	WITH : Aaron Goodwin -LRB- John Halder -RRB- , Vera Farmiga -LRB- Anne -RRB- , Jen Jones -LRB- Mother -RRB- , Stephen Singer -LRB- Maurice -RRB- , Ava-Maria Carnevale -LRB- Helen -RRB- and Peter Eldridge -LRB- Pianist -RRB- .	Stephen Singer	---	Maurice
102	Following are excerpts from the decision issued yesterday by the Wisconsin Supreme Court on the Milwaukee Parental Choice Program allowing the city to use public money to send children to parochial or other religious schools .	Wisconsin Supreme Court	---	Milwaukee Parental Choice Program
103	Maura Jane O'Shea , a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Eugene K. O'Shea of Bedford Hills , N.Y. , was married yesterday to Matthew John Devey , a son of Mr. and Mrs. Donald P. Devey of Katonah , N.Y.	Mrs. Donald P. Devey	---	N.Y.
104	Mr. Pindling 's opponents say his Government is a willing tool of the drug traffickers who have made the Bahamas a favored way station for uncounted tons of South American cocaine and marijuana headed for the United States .	South American	---	United States
105	Jeffrey A. Stewart ,  President of  Friends of  Keney Park , added that he was pleased at the connection between kids at area schools and the park as a natural and teaching resource .	Jeffrey A. Stewart	President	Friends of  Keney Park
106	WITH : Linda Emond -LRB- Susannah Fenwick \/ Ellen -RRB- , Clea Lewis -LRB- Maria Fenwick -RRB- , Daniel Gerroll -LRB- Joseph Fenwick\/Tom -RRB- , Jason Butler Harner -LRB- Thomas Armstrong\/Phil -RRB- , Ana Reeder -LRB- Harriet Fenwick\/Kate -RRB- , Christopher Duva -LRB- Peter Mark Roget -RRB- and Seana Kofoed -LRB- Isobel Bridie -RRB- .	Clea Lewis	---	Maria Fenwick
107	'' We are about 95 percent ready for the year 2000 , '' said Joyce A. Thomas , Commissioner of Social Services in Connecticut .	Joyce A. Thomas	---	Commissioner of Social Services
108	Dr. Cheryl Henrietta Cottrol , a psychiatrist in New York , was married yesterday to Paul Augustus Brown , an engineer and machine designer at Lors Machinery in Union , N.J.	Lors Machinery in Union	---	N.J.
109	His television credits included roles in '' Barney Miller , '' '' Kojak , '' '' Charlie 's Angels , '' '' Law and Order '' and , most recently , '' The Sopranos . ''	Kojak	---	Charlie
110	In putting the varied voices onstage one can get a sense of living history from the perspective of a grieving father , a preacher , an intellectual , Mr. Nasaw said , to convey the idea that DuBois '' belongs everywhere on the cultural , intellectual strata . ''	Mr. Nasaw	---	DuBois
111	Five players -- Pittsburgh 's Louis Lipps , Kansas City 's Stephone Paige , San Diego 's Joe Phillips , and Cincinnati 's Natu Tuatagaloa and Leon White -- have been released by their teams and one , Pittsburgh 's Thomas Everett , has been traded to Dallas .	Cincinnati	---	Leon White
112	Tracy Arlene Pajonk , the daughter of Seena and Arthur Pajonk of West Caldwell , N.J. , was married on Wednesday evening to Seth Michael Dannis , a son of Sharon and Stephen Dannis of Pomona , N.Y.	Seena	---	West Caldwell
113	' Andy  was very , very supportive of  me , '' Mr. Brown said .	Andy	supportive	Mr. Brown
114	In fact , just about everybody you need for a basketball game was present at Kean 's D'Angola Gym in Union , N.J. , Wednesday night - but not quite everybody .	Kean	---	Union
115	Survived by wife Dorothy , daughters Elizabeth and Nancy , sons-in-law Michael and Scott , grandchildren Douglas , Daniel , Lauren , Sweet Pea , Zachary , Jackie and brother Robert .	Sweet Pea	---	Zachary
116	He declared at the National Zoo last April that the Smithsonian 's credo -- '' the increase and diffusion of knowledge '' -- articulated by its founder , the British scientist James Smithson , and revered by Smithsonian researchers , '' was too vague . ''	James Smithson	---	Smithsonian
117	Those arrested in Miami were charged with trying to infiltrate military bases and Cuban  exile organizations in the  United States ; they face life in prison if convicted .	Cuban	organizations	United States
118	A day after the Dodgers walked Barry Bonds five times , Weaver gave up a home run to Bonds -- the 703rd of his career -- but struck him out swinging in his next at-bat .	Dodgers	---	Weaver
119	From 1948 to 1951 he was chief of  the United States military mission to  Iran .	United States	mission	Iran
120	Mr. Roberts , who is 50 years old , was president and chief executive officer of the Southern Boiler and Tank Works ,  a family business in  Memphis , Tenn. , that manufactures reactor containment liners for nuclear power plants , when he became a campaign finance officer in the 1980 election campaign of George Bush .	Southern Boiler and Tank Works	business	Memphis , Tenn.
121	The price negotiated by CBS exceeds the $ 309 million ABC spent in 1988 for the Calgary Games and the $ 295 million CBS paid for next month 's Winter Games in Lillehammer , Norway .	Winter Games in Lillehammer	---	Norway
122	After an 8-yard punt by Lafayette 's Adam Holt gave the Lions good field position , McCall led Columbia 51 yards in nine plays , capping the march with 15-yard pass to Jarel Cockburn , who has emerged as McCall 's favorite target this season .	Adam Holt	---	McCall
123	The top five foreign golfers - Faldo , Lyle , Ballesteros , Norman , Langer - have won nine majors .	Faldo	---	Norman , Langer
124	Another Rothko , '' Brown and Blacks in Reds , '' a far smaller canvas painted a year earlier , was being sold by Vivendi , the troubled entertainment conglomerate that bought Seagram two years ago .	Rothko	---	Brown
125	The marriage of Madeleine Eve Robins , the daughter of Seymour Robins of Sheffield , Mass. , and the late Barbara George Robins , to Daniel James Caccavo , a son of Dr. and Mrs. Emil Caccavo of Roslyn Heights , L.I. , took place yesterday at the home of the bride 's father .	Mass.	---	Barbara George Robins
126	With the muted summer weather drawing out the Labor Day crowds , an undulating river of humanity coursed down Eastern Parkway in Brooklyn yesterday , with the paradegoers as much of the flow as the floats and dancers in the West Indian American Day Carnival Parade .	Labor Day	---	Eastern Parkway
127	She graduated cum laude from Wellesley and received a master 's degree in French literature from Harvard University and a law degree from Boston University .	French	---	Boston University
128	Officials at Fidelity ,  a unit of the  FMR Corporation , confirmed yesterday that as of Sept. 30 the fund will accept only new investments from current shareholders or from participants in retirement programs that include Magellan as an investment option .	Fidelity	unit	FMR Corporation
129	The remarks of  Senator Joseph I. Lieberman ,  Democrat from  Connecticut , were typical .	Joseph I. Lieberman	---	Connecticut
130	`` No-one expected such declines of such magnitude , '' said Branko Milanovic , a senior economist at the World Bank 's Transition Economics Division .	World Bank	---	Transition Economics Division
131	The judge , Jean-Louis Castagnede , who has conducted the trial of the former Vichy official , Maurice Papon , since it opened in Bordeaux on Oct. 8 , gave no indication today that he would recuse himself , but suspended the trial until Monday without explanation .	Jean-Louis Castagnede	---	Vichy
132	For a while today , as the State House buzzed with rumors about which Democrat Gov. James E. McGreevey would choose to replace Senator Torricelli in the Senate race -- former Senator Frank R. Lautenberg was ultimately announced as the candidate -- it appeared that the choice would be Representative Frank Pallone Jr. of Monmouth County .	Democrat	---	James E. McGreevey
133	on-base percentage , Torre has repeatedly expressed confidence that Knoblauch will be a feisty , annoying player .	Torre	---	Knoblauch
134	At a time when luxury sales elsewhere , even in  the recently booming South Beach  section of Miami  , are skittish , in the New Urbanist developments , houses and cottages , apartments and town houses command a premium price with no shortage of buyers , according to the developers .	South Beach	section	Miami
135	With John Stokes and Norman Ingraham , he wrote the third edition of `` Modern Clinical Syphilology '' -LRB- W. B. Sanders Company , 1945 -RRB- .	John Stokes	---	Norman Ingraham
136	Surviving are his wife , Doris Pender Moon ; a son , Peter , of Hartford ; three daughters , Mary Jo , of Kensington , Md. , and Linda Prince and Susan Moon , both of Gaithersburg , Md. , and two grandchildren .	Mary Jo	---	Md.
137	\* OSCAR D'LEON , Copacabana , 617 West 57th Street , Manhattan , -LRB-212-RRB- 582-2672 .	OSCAR D'LEON	---	Manhattan
138	`` I 'm very proud to be a Republican on a day like this , '' Senator Mark Hatfield of Oregon said Tuesday as his colleague , John Danforth of Missouri , unveiled the latest attempt at a compromise civil rights bill , which included two dozen concessions to the Bush Administration .	Oregon	---	Missouri
139	LEAD : Mr. and Mrs. Charles E. F. Millard of Southport , Conn. , and Hobe Sound , Fla. , have made known the engagement of their daughter Suzanne Marie Millard to Robert Kevin Stanners , a son of Mr. and Mrs. William J. Stanners of Stuart , Fla. , and Old Saybrook , Conn.	Old Saybrook	---	Conn.
140	Companies , radio stations and newspapers have sponsored Olympic guessing games , with prizes that range from cars to televisions and refrigerators , and free trips to Hong Kong or Singapore .	Hong Kong	---	Singapore
141	Devoted father of Joan Allaire , Austin , TX , Dr. Jonathon Kaplan , Palo Alto , CA and stepfather of Maria Nolan , Chatham , NJ .	Maria Nolan	---	Chatham
142	Mr. Hiaasen 's children 's book , '' Hoot '' -LRB- Alfred A. Knopf -RRB- , edited by Nancy Siscoe , will be in stores in September .	Alfred A. Knopf	---	Nancy Siscoe
143	Some said they suspected that only Mr. Clinton , Mr. Panetta , Vice President Al Gore and Anthony Lake , the national security adviser , knew precisely who was under consideration .	Mr. Panetta	---	Al Gore and Anthony Lake
144	Tyson had talked of wanting to '' crush '' the skull of Lewis , but Lewis crushed whatever hope Tyson had of regaining the title .	Lewis	---	Tyson
145	Although initially compared to NBC 's '' Providence , '' a family drama that features a feisty curly-haired single career woman who moves back home to a working-class New England town -LRB- among cattier Hollywood circles , Ms. Brenneman 's series was dubbed '' Hartford '' -RRB- , '' Judging Amy '' has quickly carved out its own territory .	New England	---	Ms. Brenneman
146	Marsden ,  whose University of Utah teams  won six collegiate championships in 13 years , told The Pittsburgh Press that his authority had been undermined by federation officials who have made gymnasts '' pawns in a political chess game . ''	Marsden	teams	University of Utah
147	' Time of Your Life , ''  which has its premiere on Fox tonight  , maintains the appealing romanticized realism of its parent series .	Time of Your Life	premiere	Fox
148	The competition grew more intense yesterday in the battle for RJR Nabisco , as F. Ross Johnson ,  the company 's chief executive  , announced that he and his financial partner , Shearson Lehman Hutton , would not work with Kohlberg , Kravis , Roberts & Company on a combined buyout bid .	RJR Nabisco	executive	F. Ross Johnson
149	Miss Winifred Svikhart Wed At Holy Cross Roman Catholic Church in Rumson , N.J. , yesterday Winifred Tooley Svikhart , an early-childhood special educator at Family Resource Associates in Shrewsbury , N.J. , was married to Michael David Supple , a technician for A.T. & T.	Winifred Svikhart Wed At Holy Cross Roman Catholic Church	---	Winifred Tooley Svikhart
150	ZIMBABWE : OPPOSITION WARNING The leader of Zimbabwe 's opposition , Morgan Tsvangirai , left , said his Movement for Democratic Change , which saw two more of its supporters killed Tuesday in political violence , would not stand by and watch as government loyalists continued to attack its members .	Morgan Tsvangirai	---	Movement for Democratic Change
151	When some of the veterans ' friends from the shtetls of Byelorussia , now Belarus , began buying small plots there together in 1996 , many veterans began thinking about how they , too , would confront the inevitable .	Byelorussia	---	Belarus
152	Also receiving letters were : North Central Cable Communications Corp. , Roseville , Minn. ; Crown Cable , Alhambra , Calif. ' Coldwater Cablevision in Michigan ; Allegan County Cablevision , Allegan , Mich. ; Cablevision of Raleigh , N.C. ; Cablevision of Boston , and U S Cable of Waukegan , Ill.	Allegan County Cablevision	---	Allegan
153	Although Senator Alan Cranston , Democrat of California , was censured , the committee 's special counsel , Robert Bennett , had sought sanctions against two other Democrats , Senators Donald W. Riegle of Michigan and Dennis DeConcini of Arizona , who were not disciplined .	Donald W. Riegle	---	Dennis DeConcini
154	Messier has been upset because the Rangers  re-signed Coach  Colin Campbell and the Knicks re-signed center Patrick Ewing and Coach Jeff Van Gundy , while the Rangers had not made an offer to him .	Rangers	re-signed	Colin Campbell
155	Mr. Knudsen  was a native of  Storm Lake , Iowa , and a graduate of North High School in Omaha .	Mr. Knudsen	native	Storm Lake
156	Dear brother of Diana Collins , Gloria M. Gagliardi , Mary Ann Dugan and the late Judge Joseph Gagliardi , Phenina Forbes , and Anthony L. Gagliardi .	Diana Collins	---	Gloria M. Gagliardi
157	' Cities like Manhattan , Boston , San Francisco -- these are the examples we are using to move our downtown forward , '' said Johnny L. Winton ,  a member of the  City Commission , adding that some 90,000 housing units were in various stages of construction citywide .	Johnny L. Winton	member	City Commission
158	Mr. Verity declined to speculate on the Reagan Administration 's policy regarding the level of the dollar .	Mr. Verity	---	Reagan
159	The service is not intended for employment screening and has so far only been sold to insurance company investigators or donated to law enforcement agencies , said Judi Schultz ,  a LexisNexis spokeswoman  .	Judi Schultz	spokeswoman	LexisNexis
160	The Agriculture Department , Democrats estimated , would lose $ 12 million -- money that could pay the salaries of 266 food safety inspectors .	Agriculture Department	---	Democrats
161	The Oriental Institute at the University of Chicago , which has one of the world 's richest collections of these antiquities , has opened a new hall to display them .	Oriental Institute	---	University of Chicago
162	The prison was built from 1825 through 1828 by about 100 inmates from Auburn Correctional Facility near Syracuse , who were brought down to Ossining and housed in tents while they quarried stones and built the very cells that would ultimately hold them .	Auburn Correctional Facility	---	Ossining
163	A young pioneer couple settles in the 19th - century American West in Graham 's luminous and sly 1944 '' Appalachian Spring . ''	American West	---	Appalachian
164	Surviving : sons , Dr. Richard and his wife Roberta of Allentown , PA , and Philip in NYC ; Grandchildren : Dr. Jason and wife Bonnie , Roger and wife Maria , Randie Taylor and husband Steve , and Ilyssa .	Philip	---	Bonnie , Roger
165	Michael York plays an exiled Polish stage director in London and Michael Lyndon portrays his son in this 1984 film by the Polish expatriate director Jerzy Skolimowski .	Michael York	---	Michael Lyndon
166	The two teams report genetic evidence that the microbes that live in far-flung hot springs from Yellowstone to Siberia to New Zealand are not freely moving across the globe , as expected .	Siberia	---	New Zealand
167	`` It disclosed that the sponsor was behind in payments on the interest on the construction loan to the National Westminster Bank but that the bank had not declared a default , '' said Richard Barr ,  a spokesman for  Mr. Abrams .	Richard Barr	spokesman	Mr. Abrams
168	The Sundstrand case is separate from  a widely publicized Federal investigation in  Virginia centering on allegations that other major contractors and consultants paid bribes to Pentagon officials in exchange for information on military contracts .	Federal	investigation	Virginia
169	'' Sad Strains of a Gay Waltz ''  not only seems too florid for Dische 's brittle comedy   , it also relies on the easiest of double-entendres .	Sad Strains of a Gay Waltz	florid	Dische
170	`` People who know me do n't think that I have a problem , '' Mr. Clinton said when asked about Mr. Casey 's assertion that the Arkansas Governor had only a `` fly speck '' of support among Democrats .	Mr. Casey	---	Arkansas
171	Mr. Mendez has even designed a disguise kit to be sold in the museum shop , though it is not likely to be as elaborate as the disguise technology he helped develop for the C.I.A. in collaboration with Hollywood makeup masters .	C.I.A.	---	Hollywood
172	' We thought we wanted to make gabba , '' said Ms. Murray-Leslie , referring to the dark , high-speed techno that Mr. Just  's former band  Ilsa Gold once specialized in .	Mr. Just	band	Ilsa Gold
173	Kenneth M. Murphy , the deputy commissioner of the Human Resources Administration 's Crisis Intervention Services , which is overseeing the withdrawal from the hotels , said : '' It 's difficult out there .	Human Resources Administration	---	Crisis Intervention Services
174	Mr. Monserrate , of Queens , said he was moved to introduce a version of the bill in 2004 after real estate agents in Manhattan and Queens told him they suspected a pattern of co-op board rejections involving applicants from minority groups .	Mr. Monserrate	---	Queens
175	The prosecutor , Paul W. Pickelle , declined to comment on Mr. Flynn 's remarks .	Paul W. Pickelle	---	Mr. Flynn
176	During his class , Mr. O'Meally  touched on everything from the use of jazz in Ralph Ellison 's novel '' Invisible Man '' to the jazz aesthetic in paintings by Jackson Pollock and Romare Bearden , to the jazz music of Louis Armstrong and Cab Calloway in Betty Boop cartoons  .	Mr. O'Meally	touched	Ralph Ellison
177	Listeners had plenty to luxuriate in as well , for the quartet -- Peter Oundjian and Kikuei Ikeda , violinists ; Kazuhide Isomura , violist , and Sadao Harada , cellist - was at its formidable best .	Peter Oundjian	---	Kikuei Ikeda
178	He also kept a diary of his prison experiences , smuggled it out when he was deported to Hungary , and then took it with him to England , where it was published to wide acclaim in 1935 as '' I Was Hitler 's Prisoner . ''	Hungary	---	England
179	The 1982 invasion and occupation of Lebanon produced the slaughter of Palestinian refugees by Israel 's Christian Lebanese allies , a massacre nearby Israeli forces did nothing to stop .	Palestinian	---	Israel
180	Rather than delving into mistier origins , Mr. Evans starts by showing that the Bismarckian Reich 's semblance of representative government was largely illusory .	Mr. Evans	---	Bismarckian Reich
181	' A time limit is necessary at some point , and we must consider such options as sanctions , '' Japan  's new foreign minister  , Nobutaka Machimura , told Japan 's business daily Nihon Keizai Shimbun last week .	Japan	minister	Nobutaka Machimura
182	McGraw-Hill Inc. , the publishing giant founded in 1909 , has had a McGraw at the helm through two world wars , the Depression and into the electronic era .	McGraw	---	Depression
183	 Once the proud industrial power of  Asia , Japan is now drawing the attention of the International Monetary Fund , which wants to help Japan assess its mountain of nonperforming bank loans .	Asia	power	Japan
184	Three others were interviewed and failed to gain approval - Judge Huff and two candidates for the Civil Court , Lorraine Backal , of the Bronx , and Alfred Toker , of Manhattan .	Lorraine Backal	---	Alfred Toker
185	A wall of French doors crowned with Palladian windows affords views of an inviting outdoor dining terrace .	French	---	Palladian
186	After the party , though ,  the Japanese newspaper  Asahi Shimbun quoted a 30-year-old Japanese woman as saying , '' Not everybody is Yon-sama . ''	Japanese	newspaper	Asahi Shimbun
187	An exhibition of garments and household furnishings from China 's Qing Dynasty is on view through April 30 at the Textile Museum in Washington , D.C.	Washington	---	D.C.
188	And there is sharp opposition to the deal cut with the three largest Muslim federations , under pressure from the government , to appoint Dr. Dalil Boubakeur , an Algerian  who heads the  Paris Mosque , as the first president of the council , even before the election .	Algerian	heads	Paris Mosque
189	If there is no satisfactory agreement with the unions within 30 days , the sale is off , Mr. Rubenstein said , expressing doubt that if Mr. Kalikow 's bid failed , any other buyer would emerge with a deal more attractive to the unions .	Mr. Rubenstein	---	Mr. Kalikow
190	\* Syntex Corp. , Palo Alto , Calif. , to Kallir , Philips , Ross , New York , to handle advertising for Cardene , an antihypertensive , previously handled by Lewis & Gace , Fort Lee , N.J.	Syntex Corp.	---	Kallir
191	Gen. Charles H. Coolidge Jr. ,  the president of the Air Force board that investigated the crash  , at the time of the accident the service did not even train its pilots in how to read the Jeppesen charts , which differ from Air Force charts in many details .	Charles H. Coolidge Jr.	president	Air Force
192	When it was offered to me by Kevin and Tom Schoewe , Wal-Mart 's C.F.O. , I thought : '' Oh , my gosh .	Kevin	---	Tom Schoewe
193	Three days after the F.B.I.  raided his  Deerfield Beach , Fla. ,  offices  searching for information that will link him to a racketeering investigation being conducted by the United States Attorney 's office in Newark , the promoter Don King said that he would have gladly given authorities any information they wanted if they had subpoenaed it .	F.B.I.	raided	Deerfield Beach
194	Jerry Pangandoyon  operates one of the largest , the  EZ Industrial 875E Pressure Water Cart , a motorized cart with a ground-level nozzle system to blast the dirt from the walkways and a super-strength power washer attachment for everything else .	Jerry Pangandoyon	operates	EZ Industrial 875E Pressure Water Cart
195	Steve Berkowitz , senior vice president of the online services group for Microsoft , said ads would be made for Facebook , but they could also be aimed at any of MSN  's various Internet properties  , which have a total of 400 million users worldwide .	MSN	properties	Internet
196	Mr. Hyde is survived by his wife of 36 years , Liza Piper Hyde ; two daughters from an earlier marriage , Lorna Hyde de Wangen of Manhattan and Isabel Hyde Jasinowski of Washington ; two stepdaughters , Anastasia Piper of Manhattan and Kelly Piper of Beverly Hills , Calif. ; three grandchildren , and three stepgrandchildren .	Lorna Hyde de Wangen	---	Washington
197	I 'm grateful to Dr. Lawrence Wallack of the University of California 's School of Public Health at Berkeley , who writes :	Dr. Lawrence Wallack	---	University of California
198	career batting average in 2,251 games with the Dodgers , the Cubs and the Red Sox .	Cubs	---	Red Sox
199	If Kosovo blows up , neighboring Macedonia wo n't be far behind .	Kosovo	---	Macedonia
200	Yet Eschaton 's Duncan Black -LRB- known as Atrios -RRB- and Instapundit 's Glenn Reynolds have both taken part in a growing practice : turning over a blog on Friday to cat photographs .	Eschaton	---	Duncan Black
201	`` It saddened me to think that ` La Pastorela ' was becoming almost extinct , '' said Mr. Fender , a country-rockabilly singer who grew up as Baldemar Huerta in  the Rio Grande Valley town of  San Benito , Tex. , and plays one of the shepherds .	Rio Grande Valley	town	Tex.
202	One of the questions concerned a warning from the United States Treasury that the match , which carries $ 5 million in prize money , is considered a breach of United Nations sanctions against Yugoslavia and that Mr. Fischer could face up to 10 years in prison if he plays .	Yugoslavia	---	Mr. Fischer
203	Baltimore Museum of Art -LRB- Wyman Park , Art Museum Drive , Charles and 32nd Street ; 301-396-7100 -RRB- is home to the Cone Collection , which includes paintings by Picasso Cezanne , Gauguin , van Gogh and the largest assemblage of Matisse 's works in the nation .	Baltimore Museum of Art	---	Wyman Park
204	The case could lead to decriminalization of euthanasia under `` carefully controlled conditions , '' predicted Eike Kluge ,  a professor of bio-ethics at the  University of Victoria .	Eike Kluge	professor	University of Victoria
205	In 1985 he was cultural liaison for the Everest expedition , and in 1987 he led a Smithsonian expedition and was trapped in Lhasa during the Tibetan insurrection .	Lhasa	---	Tibetan
206	PROFILE George Judson  is a reporter in the  Stamford  , Conn. ,  bureau  of The New York Times .	George Judson	---	Stamford
207	Ms. Filippone  is also executive administrator of the  Passaic River Coalition , a nonprofit environmental group that deals with water supply and quality issues in the Wanaque watershed .	Ms. Filippone	administrator	Passaic River Coalition
208	Service on Friday 11 AM at St. Gregory 's Church , 144 West 90 Street , NYC .	St. Gregory 's Church	---	NYC
209	And unlike Randy Ayers of Ohio State and Jeff Jones of Virginia , who received jobs after established head coaches with successful records turned down the positions , Mahoney had no competition in formal interviews with the search committee .	Randy Ayers	---	Virginia
210	Winners of major titles were : Swiss teams flight A - Stephen Gladyszak of Chelsea , Mass. ; John Saxe of Braintree , Mass. ; Louis Glasthal of Cambridge , Mass. ; Lloyd Arvedon of Burlington , Mass. , and George Hughes of Brookline , Mass.	John Saxe	---	Braintree
211	The most wanted indicted war crimes suspect in Bosnia , the former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic , is under constant surveillance by C.I.A. and American military intelligence in Bosnia , NATO officers say , but the peacekeepers have no constantly operational commando squad like the British one last summer that would be ready to move in at a moment 's notice to seize Dr. Karadzic in an unguarded moment .	Bosnia	---	NATO
212	Demographic trends , which are constraining the ability of West Germany and the Soviet Union to field large armies , may also encourage progress .	Demographic	---	West Germany
213	' Finally , after quite a few years , '' said Mr. Mottola  of the Long Island board  , '' we 're seeing prices rise . ''	Mr. Mottola	board	Long Island
214	Gen. Daoud Khan , a Northern Alliance commander in Taliqan , said that in spite of the casualties the Northern Alliance held all of their positions , and Sayed Jaffar withdrew his forces for the night .	Northern Alliance	---	Sayed Jaffar
215	As months go by without evidence of his whereabouts , several senior officials said this week that they were skeptical that he survived the American-led  bombing in the Tora Bora region of  Afghanistan last December .	American-led	bombing	Afghanistan
216	In the 19th century it served as the summer residence of two imperious ladies - Napoleon 's sister Elisa Baciocchi , whom he created the Princess of Lucca , and later the Spanish Bourbon princess Maria Louisa .	Lucca	---	Maria Louisa
217	'' Cracks , like everything else , are technical issues that have been lying at Du Pont 's doorstep for the last four or five years , '' said Richard W. Starostecki , Deputy Assistant Secretary of Energy , in Washington .	Energy	---	Washington
218	The other market where the shares were listed , Seaq International , the London market 's computer-based system , has seen relatively little trading in the shares .	Seaq International	---	London
219	Relatives and friends are invited to the Committal Services on Monday , October 1 , 2001 , at 3 PM , at the Arlington National Cemetery , Arlington , VA. .	Arlington National Cemetery , Arlington	---	VA.
220	On the other side , suggests Peter Diamond ,  an economist at the  Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a consultant to the Government-sponsored Advisory Council on Social Security , is a group of '' New Deal realists '' who fear that any profound change in the way Social Security is structured would pit the '' haves '' against the '' have-nots . ''	Peter Diamond	economist	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
221	LEAD : Announcement of the engagement of Helena Belle Potter to John Bennett Marks , a son of Dr. and Mrs. John H. Marks of Princeton , N.J. , has been made by the prospective bride 's parents , Dr. and Mrs. Robert T. Potter of Plattsburgh , N.Y.	Plattsburgh	---	N.Y.
222	The New York Police Department , working closely with both Morgan Stanley and Mr. Luethke , then set up the sting operation against Mr. Curry .	Mr. Luethke	---	Mr. Curry
223	Mr. Putin signed a strategic agreement in Beijing last summer that committed Russia and China to near identical security policies on a number of issues , including the American proposal to abandon the antiballistic missile treaty .	Beijing	---	China
224	Assumptions like these about the acceptability of sex are at play in gang rape , a rare event that occurs disproportionately on college campuses , where most cases go unreported , according to Dr. Chris O'Sullivan ,  a psychologist at  Bucknell University .	Dr. Chris O'Sullivan	psychologist	Bucknell University
225	Rob Rosin as Big Daddy and Roslyn Ziff as Big Mama both give sensible performances .	Rob Rosin	---	Big Mama
226	Foreign leaders are demanding that Yugoslavia force Bosnian Serbs to stop fighting , but Mr. Markovic said the authorities in Belgrade no longer have such influence .	Yugoslavia	---	Mr. Markovic
227	One is a 65,000-square-foot building on Route 124 in Chatham across from the Short Hills Mall , bought empty in January and since upgraded .	Chatham	---	Short Hills Mall
228	It is Roerich 's influence that is felt here more than Stravinsky 's and Nijinsky 's .	Stravinsky	---	Nijinsky 's
229	' It can get you a boat that 's outside your budget , '' said Scott Croft ,  a spokesman for  Boat U.S. , the nation 's largest recreational boating association .	Scott Croft	spokesman	Boat U.S.
230	And the former Wimbledon champion Lleyton Hewitt will face Marcos Baghdatis , the Cypriot who came to prominence in Hewitt 's home country with a spirited run to this year 's Australian Open final .	Wimbledon	---	Cypriot
231	In testimony Monday , Mr. Genn said he was certain that three board members - Ms. Edmondson , Mr. Gebert and Goldie M. Maple - were people who held the interests of children uppermost in their decision .	Ms. Edmondson	---	Mr. Gebert
232	Uncertainties notwithstanding , many of the principals in the Middle East , including Egypt , Jordan , the Palestinians and some Israeli officials , as well as the Europeans , have been prodding the United States to remain active .	Jordan	---	Palestinians
233	No one makes this argument more powerfully than Sonja Biserko , director of the Helsinki Committee for Human Rights in Serbia and a former senior advisor in the European department of the Yugoslav Foreign Ministry .	Helsinki Committee for Human Rights	---	Serbia
234	Otto Penzler ,  an American expert  on mystery fiction and thrillers who owns the two Mysterious Bookshops in Manhattan and Los Angeles , has said the book is '' one of the milestones of espionage fiction and brought it truly and irrevocably into the modern era . ''	Otto Penzler	expert	American
235	Taylor ham is not the only New Jersey delicacy unavailable in Omaha or Santa Cruz .	Taylor	---	New Jersey
236	The commission said it feared there might be problems with the emergency safety systems at the Millstone 3 plant , on Long Island Sound near New London , and at the Connecticut Yankee plant in Haddam Neck .	New London	---	Haddam Neck
237	\* AON Corp. , Chicago , an insurance holding company , named Paul R. Davies chairman of its AON Reinsurance Agency subsidiary .	AON Corp.	---	Chicago
238	Tomorrow at 8 p.m. , La Guardia Concert Hall , 65th Street and Amsterdam Avenue , Manhattan , -LRB-212-RRB- 721-6500 .	La Guardia Concert Hall	---	Amsterdam Avenue
239	The other journalists asked to join the panel were Bernard Shaw , the Cable News Network anchor , who will be the moderator ; Andrea Mitchell of NBC News , and Margaret Garrard Warner of Newsweek .	Andrea Mitchell	---	Newsweek
240	United States and European officials said they might still try to include tougher sanctions through the United Nations in the months ahead .	United States	---	European
241	The number of offices was a sign of an unfocused approach to the practice in California , said James E. Topinka ,  who left  Coudert 's San Francisco  office  when it closed and is now at Winston & Strawn .	James E. Topinka	left	San Francisco
242	Thus the F.B.I. received requests for the confidential files , not only of Mr. Dale but also on such figures as Marlin Fitzwater , the White House press secretary who served under President Reagan and President Bush ; James A. Baker 3d , the White House chief of staff for Mr. Reagan , and Tony Blankley , who was an official in the Reagan White House and who is now press secretary to Speaker Newt Gingrich .	Reagan	---	James A. Baker
243	In the paper published today in Science , researchers from the University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center in Houston and the Beckman Research Institute of the City of Hope in Duarte , Calif. , studied the effects of a cigarette-smoke ingredient on a gene known as p53 .	Beckman Research Institute	---	Duarte , Calif.
244	Normally , Republicans in Congress  work closely with Republican governors  .	Republicans	work	Republican
245	In Beirut , a pro-Iranian group called the Islamic Resistance took responsibility for the attack and said it was a '' gift '' to Palestinians who have carried out the uprising in Israel 's occupied territories .	Beirut	---	pro-Iranian
246	And James A. Yates ,  the co-counsel and chief Shoreham aide to Assembly Speaker Mel Miller  , a Brooklyn Democrat , said Mr. Miller would be '' very concerned if any new settlement were linked to legislative passage . ''	Shoreham	aide	Mel Miller
247	The surprise was that Mr. Bush conditioned the agreement only on Moscow 's expected passage of a law easing emigration , not on ending the Soviet chokehold on Lithuania .	Mr. Bush	---	Moscow
248	We were friends , '' said Jeff Inlow ,  the 17-year-old son of the Rev.  Linda Inlow , the church 's pastor .	Jeff Inlow	son	Linda Inlow
249	The Mayor , whose attacks on Mr. Jackson got far more attention than his endorsement of Senator Albert Gore Jr. of Tennessee , was asked on Monday whether he expected Mr. Jackson  to come back to  New York and campaign against him in next year 's mayoral race .	Mr. Jackson	come	New York
250	Mr. Muirhead , 47 , succeeds Harvey Hoffenberg , 43 , who will continue as chairman and chief creative officer .	Mr. Muirhead	succeeds	Harvey Hoffenberg
251	LEAD : Debt Belgium  is issuing $ 300 million of 8 percent  Eurobonds due in 1997 at 101 1\/2 to yield 7.78 percent , through County Bank Ltd.	Belgium	issuing	Eurobonds
252	Elizabeth Louise Reynolds , the daughter of Mrs. Jeffery Hellberg of Amarillo , Tex. , and Percival L. Reynolds Jr. of Washington , was married yesterday to Sean Thomas McDermott , a son of Carole and Thomas L. McDermott of New York .	Mrs. Jeffery Hellberg	---	Percival L. Reynolds Jr.
253	Charlton referred to a botched backward pass by defender Terry Phelan that set up the first Dutch goal , and then Wim Jonk 's shot in the 41st minute that slipped off the fingers of goalie Packie Bonner and went into the net .	Dutch	---	Wim Jonk
254	Donations of $ 1,000 each were received from Sally and Sai-Lung Pan of Pennington , N.J. , in memory of their parents ; Rosalind Robbins of Morristown , N.J. ; the JCT Foundation in Manhattan , and Barry L. Harmon of Manhattan .	Morristown	---	JCT Foundation
255	Her husband is a son of Jane Wyker of Rye Brook , N.Y. , and Werner Mendel of New York and Neversink , N.Y.	Werner Mendel	---	N.Y.
256	Among others who were hurt , Tom Laidlaw needed emergency surgery to have his spleen removed and Ron Greschner broke his nose .	Tom Laidlaw	---	Ron Greschner
257	In second place was Manuela Machado of Portugal in a time of 2:30:54 and in third was Tomoe Abe of Japan , whose height of 4 feet 10 1\/2 inches and weight of 84 pounds make her look more like a gymnast than a runner .	Portugal	---	Tomoe Abe
258	Then one day , out of Montana , came two women , robust Roslyn -LRB- Jo Anderson -RRB- and delicate Cicely -LRB- Yvonne Suhor -RRB- , who would change the place forever .	Jo Anderson	---	Yvonne Suhor
259	But a new generation of bel cantists has arrived , and some notables among them are represented in a wave of new recordings : from RCA , Bellini 's '' Capuleti e i Montecchi , '' featuring the exciting Bulgarian mezzo-soprano Vesselina Kasarova and the Italian soprano Eva Mei ; from Decca\/London , Rossini 's '' Turco in Italia , '' with the acclaimed mezzo-soprano Cecilia Bartoli , and from Sony , '' Lucia di Lammermoor , '' with the Hungarian soprano Andrea Rost , and Charles Mackerras conducting the period-instrument Hanover Band .	Eva Mei	---	Rossini
260	Martin D. Payson , Chairman Board of Trustees Pamela S. Brier , President and CEO	Martin D. Payson	---	Chairman Board of Trustees Pamela S. Brier
261	Finally and grudgingly , Mr. Foley shut the bank and  had the House authorize an investigation of those who `` routinely and repeatedly '' overdrew their accounts by `` significant '' amounts  .	Mr. Foley	authorize	House
262	Amid the confusion and some scattered violence -- two revenge killings were reported Friday in Gaza -- Hamas leaders suggested that their bolstered control in Gaza could help free a BBC reporter , Alan Johnston , kidnapped in Gaza in March .	BBC	reporter	Alan Johnston
263	Those agitating for Federal intervention included Charles J. Hynes , the Brooklyn District Attorney who had lost the case ; Governor Cuomo ; Senator Alfonse M. D'Amato and Representative Charles E. Schumer of Brooklyn and Queens .	Cuomo	---	Alfonse M. D'Amato
264	Xavier Green ,  who was planning to take Mr. Cockrel  to Kennedy International Airport yesterday to apply for a job as a skycap , said he and Mr. Cockrel used to socialize in Greenwich Village precisely because its streets bustled with such an ostentatious mix of different life styles .	Xavier Green	take	Mr. Cockrel
265	Its St. Patrick 's Day show , tonight at 6 to 2:30 , is to feature musicians who are well known in New York City 's Maureen on flute and accordion , the singers Greg Ryan and Jim Hawkins , and the duo of Brian Conway on fiddle and John Dillon on guitar .	Greg Ryan	---	Jim Hawkins
266	When Secretary of State Warren Christopher traipsed about Europe on his halfhearted mission to sell the Clinton plan to arm and protect Bosnian Muslims , he never even sought Poland 's help -- and Warsaw has peacekeeping troops in Bosnia .	State	---	Warren Christopher
267	That is until he and 48 classmates were adopted by Grinnell College , the first academic institution to sponsor a class under the '' I Have a Dream '' program underwritten by Eugene Lang ,  a New York business executive  .	Eugene Lang	executive	New York
268	THE BEST LITTLE WHOREHOUSE GOES PUBLIC Book by Larry L. King and Peter Masterson ; music and lyrics by Carol Hall ; directed by Mr. Masterson and Tommy Tune ; choreography by Jeff Calhoun and Mr. Tune ; sets by John Arnone ; costumes by Bob Mackie ; lighting by Jules Fisher and Peggy Eisenhauer ; sound by Tony Meola ; musical and vocal direction by Karl Jurman ; production stage manager , Arturo E. Porazzi .	Peggy Eisenhauer	---	Tony Meola
269	Their colleagues came from Rome , Ga. ; St. Paul , Minn. , and Garfield Height , Ohio ; from Idaho and Alaska and dozens of other cities .	Rome , Ga.	---	St. Paul , Minn.
270	Blix , Parrying the U.S. , Urges Sharing Intelligence Hans Blix , a United Nations weapons inspections chief , called on the United States to share intelligence to help in the search for Iraqi arms sites .	U.S.	---	Hans Blix
271	A small plane carrying two people on a sightseeing jaunt around Manhattan began smoking over the Statue of Liberty , but its pilot calmly flew up the Hudson past Battery Park City and looped around for a pinpoint emergency landing in the water at a pier .	Manhattan	---	Statue of Liberty
272	 In Le Figaro , Mr. Chirac asked  : `` Do the French people want to entrust France to Jospin and his Socialist friends for seven more years ?	Le Figaro	asked	Mr. Chirac
273	A memorial service will be held at 2 P.M. tomorrow at the Church of the Recessional , Forest Lawn Memorial Park , Glendale , Calif.	P.M.	---	Church of the Recessional
274	Jocelyn Holmes Wadsworth , the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Geoffrey H. Wadsworth of Rye , N.Y. , was married there yesterday to Christopher Peel Mitchell Dimsey , the son of Mr. and Mrs. Peter S. P. Dimsey of Madrid .	N.Y.	---	Christopher Peel Mitchell Dimsey
275	Both Karie Miller of Fargo , N.D. , and Jean Rosenthal of Moorhead , Minn. , tipped off F.B.I. agents last week .	Moorhead	---	Minn.
276	And do not forget , Russia devoured Afghanistan when Iran and the United States were deeply embroiled over the hostages issue .	Afghanistan	---	Iran
277	The most notorious prison is in Zhaslyk in western Uzbekistan , a place where international monitors are forbidden .	Zhaslyk	---	Uzbekistan
278	Six films -- Catherine Breillat 's '' Romance , '' Cedric Kahn 's '' L'Ennui , '' Catherine Corsini 's '' Nouvelle Eve , '' Laetitia Masson 's '' A Vendre '' -LRB- '' For Sale '' -RRB- , Philippe Grandrieux 's brilliant , experimental '' Sombre '' and Nicole Garcia 's '' Place Vendome '' -- explore female sexuality with a depth and complexity that is light-years beyond the sexist caricatures and Puritanical moralizing that typify Hollywood 's view of women .	Cedric Kahn	---	Catherine Corsini
279	They selected defenseman Joel Bouchard from Buffalo ,  forward Sheldon Keefe from  Tampa Bay and forward Mike Siklenka from Philadelphia .	Sheldon Keefe	forward	Tampa Bay
280	In image , George Bush is no Joe McCarthy .	George Bush	---	Joe McCarthy
281	After talks about a possible acquisition of Chris-Craft proved fruitless , Viacom and CBS invoked the buy-sell provision in February , setting in motion a 45-day deadline for Chris-Craft to either buy or sell its interest in UPN .	Viacom	---	CBS
282	African soccer officials will meet in Cape Town today to discuss the possibility of persuading the five African countries bidding for the World Cup in 2006 to back just one candidate against England and Germany , the two major countries seeking to be host .	World Cup	---	England and Germany
283	Mr. Parker 's lawyer , Dominic Barbara ,  who has offices in  Manhattan and Garden City , says his client gave his wife $ 20 , with which she bought the winning ticket and a Valentine 's Day card for him .	Dominic Barbara	offices	Manhattan and Garden City
284	November wedding plans for Karen Stacey Lamb and Marc Brian Spector ,  a son of  Dr. Joan Spector and Michael H. Spector of Great Neck , L.I. , have been announced by her parents , Mr. and Mrs. Merrill Lamb of Miami .	Marc Brian Spector	son	Michael H. Spector
285	Mr. Wyeth played drums on two albums with Mr. Dylan , `` Desire '' and `` Hard Rain '' ; he also performed on four albums by the rockabilly revivalist Robert Gordon , and on albums by Roger McGuinn , Don McLean , Leslie West , Kinky Friedman , James Moody and others .	Leslie West	---	James Moody
286	One of the men convicted of bombing the World Trade Center , Ahmad M. Ajaj ,  spent four months in  Pakistan in 1992 , returning to the United States with a bomb manual later seized by the United States government .	Ahmad M. Ajaj	spent	Pakistan
287	Mr. Bieder contends that Federal  agencies -- including the  Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms , the Federal Bureau of Investigation , Federal Protective Services , the General Services Administration and the Marshal 's Service -- failed to prepare for a terrorist act from the militant right-wing underground .	Federal	agencies	Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms
288	He also played a memorable 18-game match for the world title against Garry Kasparov atop the World Trade Center in 1995 .	Garry Kasparov	---	World Trade Center
289	Nassau 's tuition is $ 2,060 a year , while Adelphi 's annual tuition and fees are $ 14,000 .	Nassau	---	Adelphi
290	' The Guardian Council and the Interior Ministry represent two different powers , '' said Ramin Jahanbegloo , director of the Department of Contemporary Studies in the Cultural Research Bureau ,  a research institution based in  Tehran .	Cultural Research Bureau	based	Tehran
291	Much of the artwork was divided up among the top Hitler ; Reinhardt Hedrick , a Nazi commander , occupied a summer palace owned by Mr. Bloch-Bauer outside Prague .	Nazi	---	Mr. Bloch-Bauer
292	'' It 's about these four New York archetypes , '' Ms. Bushnell said , '' these four seemingly successful New York women , and the thing they have in common is that they 've all gotten what they thought they wanted in life and yet they realize that things are n't quite right .	New York	---	Ms. Bushnell
293	Mr. Ratner ,  who built the Metrotech office center  in downtown Brooklyn , is a major player on 42d Street with a development on the south side of the street that will include a huge movie complex and Madame Tussaud 's wax museum .	Mr. Ratner	built	Metrotech
294	Our reviewer , Jay Winik ,  called Sears 's reconstruction '' the Civil War equivalent of a modern spy satellite photograph  .	Jay Winik	called	Sears
295	His father is a regional insurance salesman , based in Marlboro , for Genworth Financial of Richmond , Va. , which specializes in coverage for long-term care .	Marlboro	---	Va.
296	A measure of the tenuous situation in Kabul is that most Western diplomats pulled out before the last Soviet soldiers left on Feb. 15 .	Kabul	---	Western
297	The International Monetary Fund and the World Bank formally offered membership today to Russia , Ukraine and most of the other  former Soviet republics  .	Ukraine	republics	Soviet
298	Devils ' Coach Has Cancer Pat Burns , whose Devils were eliminated from the N.H.L. playoffs on Saturday , said he has colon cancer and will begin treatment immediately .	Pat Burns	---	Devils
299	By contrast , he believes , `` The Duchess of Malfi , '' which dates from 1612 , has a dense , sinewy quality not to be found even in Shakespeare , Webster  's older contemporary  : `` It 's about the supernatural , about sex , politics , spirituality , redemption , told through a poetic medium .	Shakespeare	contemporary	Webster
300	Like Mr. Corzine , Mr. Florio said he was stunned when he arrived and found his rival in the room .	Mr. Corzine	---	Mr. Florio
301	WAGNER 96 , L.I.U. 87	WAGNER	---	L.I.U.
302	The 35-year-old O'Brien , a son-in-law of Jack Ramsay , coach of the Indiana Pacers , joins Stu Jackson and Brendan Malone as Pitino 's aides .	Stu Jackson	---	Brendan Malone
303	What will you do to try to convince American allies to assist in stabilizing places that the United States believes are important , but where it can not or should not itself be present ?	American	---	United States
304	But she shares a problem with many other moderate Republicans , particularly from Northeastern states like New Jersey , where Speaker Newt Gingrich 's stances on the environment , abortion and Medicaid are not well liked .	Republicans	---	New Jersey
305	The All-Stars Vin Baker of the Seattle Supersonics and Chris Webber of the Sacramento Kings , speaking before the recent player-sponsored '' Game on Showtime '' in Atlantic City , did not like the idea of splitting up the league 's tremendous talent pool .	Sacramento Kings	---	Showtime
306	In his 13-page response to questions posed by Senators Howard M. Metzenbaum of Ohio , Dennis DeConcini of Arizona and Patrick J. Leahy of Vermont , Mr. Lucas attempted to personalize his views on affirmative action while still expressing opposition to race-based quota systems .	Ohio	---	Dennis DeConcini
307	Melvin R. Sampson ,  chairman of the  Yakima Tribal Council , said in an Aug. 14 letter to Senator Daniel K. Inouye , the Hawaii Democrat who heads the Select Committee on Indian Affairs , and Senator Daniel J. Evans of Washington , the panel 's ranking Republican , that the sentences '' are so severe and so disproportionately long for such minor violations that it numbs one 's feelings toward the supposed impartiality of the penal system in our county . ''	Melvin R. Sampson	chairman	Yakima Tribal Council
308	Andrew Kohut ,  an independent pollster for the  Pew Research Center for the People and the Press , says the new formulation mostly fills the need for political theater and good visuals .	Andrew Kohut	pollster	Pew Research Center
309	It was the second straight victory and series-leading fifth of the season for Andretti , who vaulted past Al Unser Jr. into second place in the PPG Indy Car World Series .	Al Unser Jr.	---	PPG Indy Car World Series
310	Twice this season in Detroit , collisions resulted in frightening neck injuries for Lions players , first Harry Colon , and then Reggie Brown .	Harry Colon	---	Reggie Brown
311	The Field Poll showed Mr. Bush  's share of the Republican vote  rising from a dangerously low 66 percent in July to a more healthy 83 percent now , while Mr. Dukakis was backed by 22 percent of the Republicans in July and 10 percent now .	Mr. Bush	share	Republican
312	But critics say that while Mr. Clinton   may show tactical skill at managing the Kosovo conflict day to day  , that is all he is doing -- keeping a potential strategic disaster under control 24 hours at a time .	Mr. Clinton	managing	Kosovo
313	Nicholas Martin , the artistic director of the Huntington Theater Company in Boston , mounted the play in Williamstown , Mass. , in 2001 and subsequently presented it in a critically well-received Huntington production at the Wilbur Theater in Boston .	Huntington Theater Company	---	Mass.
314	Another sizable saving in the Council 's plan would come in the Law Department ,  whose head , Corporation Counsel  Paul A. Crotty , has provided the Mayor with the legal opinions that the Council 's own budget plan would violate the Charter .	Law Department	head	Paul A. Crotty
315	Denise Majette , who unseated the fiery Cynthia A. McKinney to become the Democratic nominee for Congress in the black-majority suburbs outside of Atlanta , graduated from Yale and Duke Law School .	Cynthia A. McKinney	---	Congress
316	In recent years there have been three Wagner disks with Mr. Mehta , among them a first act of '' Die Walkure '' with Eva Marton and Peter Hofmann , along with a George Crumb-William Schuman pairing for New World Records conducted by Arthur Weisberg and Mr. Mehta .	George Crumb-William Schuman	---	Arthur Weisberg
317	She is the daughter of Mrs. John H. Keating Jr. of Princeton , N.J. , and the late Dr. Richard L. White , an associate professor of surgery at Columbia .	Mrs. John H. Keating Jr.	---	Princeton
318	'' They trusted her completely , '' Ms. Korenstein told a jury of five men and seven women before Judge Bruce Allen of Criminal Court in Manhattan .	Criminal Court	---	Manhattan
319	REBUILDING -- St. Philip Neri Roman Catholic Church in the Bronx is planning to rebuild after a devasting fire .	St. Philip Neri Roman Catholic Church	---	Bronx
320	' They handled it in their normal manner , which is the way most millionaires do , '' said Representative William H. Gray 3d ,  the House majority whip  , '' which is to pound their breast and say we can not dare to talk about a cost-of-living adjustment , while living off their interest and their speaking fees . ''	William H. Gray 3d	whip	House
321	Chalk outlines and stenciled labels indicate the streets and houses of Dogville , a tiny Depression-era town in the Rocky Mountains to which Ms. Kidman  's character  , Grace , escapes , apparently running from big-city gangsters .	Ms. Kidman	character	Grace
322	On the Big Island of Hawaii , my guide , Pii , recalled how petroglyphs told the stories of ancient Hawaiians , but I preferred his personal , modern island lore .	Hawaii	---	Pii
323	It was after hearing Karlheinz Stockhausen  's forbidding studies for solo piano , the  '' Klavierstucke , '' that Mr. Braxton decided to '' create a vocabulary , a syntax for solo saxophone . ''	Karlheinz Stockhausen	studies	Klavierstucke
324	Besides those already mentioned , the soloists included Naomi Itami , soprano ; Brenda Boozer , mezzo-soprano ; Howard Bender and David Smith , tenors ; Robert Jason Jackson , bass-baritone , and Omar Rolle , rapper .	Brenda Boozer	---	Howard Bender
325	CHICAGO BEARS -- Released CB Todd McMillon , LB LeVar Woods , RB Zach Abron , RB Antoineo Harris , LB Derrick Ballard , QB Ryan Dinwiddie , P Gabe Lindstrom , DE Shurron Pierson , OL A.J. Ricker , TE Darnell Sanders , TE Ron Johnson , CB Leroy Smith and DE Greg White .	Derrick Ballard	---	Gabe Lindstrom
326	National office va = cancy rates fell in 1987 , the first decline in six years , according to a study by Coldwell Banker Commercial Group , a unit of Sears , Roebuck & Company .	Sears	---	Roebuck & Company
327	And the Lexington this year offered a final shot to Zito , who lost Greenwood Lake to an injury this year and who saw Bare Outline run himself out of contention in the Blue Grass a week ago .	Greenwood Lake	---	Bare Outline
328	BOB RABEY remembers that when the Courtesy Hotel in West Hempstead opened on Hempstead Avenue in the 1960 's , it was a benefit to the community .	BOB RABEY	---	West Hempstead
329	Separately , Labatt USA named Hill , Holliday to handle Dos Equis beer , with billings estimated at $ 2 million to $ 5 million .	Labatt USA	---	Dos Equis
330	Judge Louis H. Pollak of the United States District Court in Philadelphia performed the ceremony .	United States District Court	---	Philadelphia
331	On March 6 , 1992 , similar letters signed by Janet Mullins , the State Department 's Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs , were sent to Speaker Thomas S. Foley , Democrat of Washington , and the Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman , Claiborne Pell , Democrat of Rhode Island , regarding the inadvertent Saudi transfer of American-made military vehicles to Saudi Arabia and Bangladesh .	Claiborne Pell	---	Saudi
332	Bhaktapur greets the new year with the festival of Bisket , possibly derived from the Newari word for snake slaughter , according to Bruce Owens , co-editor of The Himalayan Research Bulletin at Columbia University .	Himalayan Research Bulletin	---	Columbia University
333	20852 , who is directing the application , or to Jack Rosenthal , Chairman , Citizens Stamp Advisory Committee , 475 L'Enfant Plaza S.W. , Room 5800 , Washington , D.C. 20260 .	Washington	---	D.C.
334	Like Wolfe , Bronson puts great stock in reporting ; the yarns collected here , most quite touching when left to unfurl by themselves , were winnowed from an impressive 700 initial interviews .	Wolfe	---	Bronson
335	`` I do n't see any radical change for our company , '' said David Westin ,  the president of production for  Capital Cities\/ABC Inc. `` But in the next year or so , I would expect you might see all sorts of new deals between networks and studios , joint ventures and creative financing of programs . ''	David Westin	president	Capital Cities\/ABC Inc.
336	'' We did n't buy Creedmoor , '' said Leslie A. Lerner , a partner with Michael Dubb in the Beechwood Organization , builders and developers of the project .	Creedmoor	---	Leslie A. Lerner
337	He spent three years there before being moved to a camp in Mordova ,  300 miles from  Moscow , next to a secret prison for foreigners where captives had only numbers , not names .	Mordova	miles	Moscow
338	Survivors include his wife of 45 years , the former Judith Sartorius ; two sons , Noah , of Ann Arbor , Mich. , and Peter , of Vancouver , Canada ; a daughter , Abby Seixas Horowitz of Weston , Mass. ; a sister , Jean Seixas Forster of Brookfield , Conn. , and six grandchildren .	Ann Arbor	---	Vancouver , Canada
339	Dr. Sipsalao Phasaisi of Tchepone District Clinic , a diffident 34-year-old man who learned all his medicine through interpreters from Soviet and French  teachers in  Vientiane , the capital , said the latest mine deaths occurred last year , when a farmer struck a missile with his shovel .	Soviet	teachers	Vientiane
340	Douglas 's father had already threatened to horsewhip Lord Rosebery ; his obsessive hounding of Wilde is made even more explicable by the fact that his second wife was suing for an annulment on the grounds , among others , of nonconsummation .	Douglas	---	Lord Rosebery
341	Mr. Hamanaka had been in charge of copper trading at Sumitomo , which traders believe controls about 70 percent of the copper stockpiles held in the London Metal Exchange  warehouse  in  Long Beach , Calif.	London Metal Exchange	warehouse	Long Beach , Calif.
342	Indeed , while other factors are also at play , last year 's contribution per worker for traditional pensions , known as defined benefit plans , was nearly 50 percent below the peak in 1978 , adjusted for inflation , and barely above the level in 1964 , according to Sylvester J. Schieber ,  vice president for research at the  Wyatt Company , a benefits consulting group .	Sylvester J. Schieber	president	Wyatt Company
343	WITH : Jo Harvey Allen -LRB- Chippy -RRB- , Terry Allen -LRB- Ghost -RRB- , Joe Ely -LRB- Tuck -RRB- , Butch Hancock -LRB- Buddy -RRB- , Wayne Hancock -LRB- Mr. Jukebox -RRB- , Robert Earl Keen -LRB- Charles Travis -RRB- , Jill Parker-Jones -LRB- Ruth -RRB- , Jo Carol Pierce -LRB- Doris -RRB- and Barry Tubb -LRB- Roy -RRB- .	Butch Hancock	---	Mr. Jukebox
344	The eldest of five children , Mr. Sommers  took a semester off from  St. John 's College in Collegeville , Minn. , to study Spanish at the University of Seville .	Mr. Sommers	semester	St. John 's College
345	Tickets on day of tour : Tillie 's coffeehouse , DeKalb and Vanderbilt Avenues in Clinton Hill ; Brooklyn Music School , 126 Felix Street , near Lafayette Avenue , in Fort Greene , and Muddy Waters Coffee Bar , 669 Vanderbilt Avenue , near Prospect Place , in Prospect Heights .	Clinton Hill	---	Brooklyn Music School
346	Also , King said that HBO would n't meet Holyfield 's salary demands and would n't let him take the fight to Showtime , HBO  's major cable rival  where King 's bouts are broadcast .	Showtime	rival	HBO
347	Mrs. Pendergast  is a health care administrator at the  Kennedy Krieger Institute in Baltimore .	Mrs. Pendergast	administrator	Kennedy Krieger Institute in Baltimore
348	Grgurich  was admitted to a California hospital  more than a week ago suffering from symptoms related to exhaustion .	Grgurich	admitted	California
349	The sponsors , Senator Kenneth P. LaValle , Republican of Port Jefferson , and Assemblymen Marc S. Alessi ,  Democrat of  Wading River , and Fred W. Thiele Jr. , Republican of Sag Harbor , oppose the project and say too little is known about public costs for the police , firefighters and municipal services to protect a privately owned project and to be prepared for an accident or attack .	Assemblymen Marc S. Alessi	Democrat	Wading River
350	Speaking in Washington , Ms. Seger said that the Fed 's move in July to lower interest rates had not completely offset the tightening of credit conditions in the financial sector .	Washington	---	Fed
351	And some fund families , like the Crabbe Huson Group of Portland , Ore. , have started down the road to merger only to find that the frustrations of trying to become part of a large , ponderous brokerage firm outweighed the advantages of having a bigger sales force .	Portland	---	Ore.
352	ANN ARBOR , Mich. -LRB- AP -RRB- - Loy Vaught scored 20 of his 24 points in the second half and Glen Rice added 23 points for the Wolverines .	Mich.	---	Loy Vaught
353	They have followed closely the unfolding developments in the Soviet Transcaucasus , where fighting between the Christian Armenians and the Muslim Azerbaijanis turned into a separatist rebellion that President Mikhail S. Gorbachev sought to crush by sending troops into Azerbaijan .	Muslim Azerbaijanis	---	Mikhail S. Gorbachev
354	Mr. Webster , a former judge and former director of both the F.B.I. and the C.I. A , has the outgoing Securities and Exchange Commission chairman , Harvey Pitt , to thank for this unpleasant chapter in his long Washington career .	C.I.	---	Securities and Exchange Commission
355	A Republican strategist from Washington was spotted on Sunset Strip the other day , in town to talk to Tom Selleck about running for the Senate against Barbara Boxer next year , or perhaps in 2000 , if Dianne Feinstein becomes governor and  vacates her Senate seat  .	Dianne Feinstein	vacates	Senate
356	American independent cinema will also be represented by Hal Hartley 's `` Flirt , '' Noah Baumbach 's `` Kicking and Screaming '' and `` The Gate of Heavenly Peace , '' Carma Hinton and Richard Gordon  's documentary about the massacre in  Tiananmen Square .	Richard Gordon	documentary	Tiananmen Square
357	One company that has received several million dollars from ARPA is High Techsplanations , a privately held company in Rockville , Md. , that has worked with SUNY Plattsburgh and Duke University on projects and has emerged as a leading developer of virtual-reality software for the medical field .	SUNY Plattsburgh	---	Duke University
358	Sol Zimmerman , MD Harris Burstin , MD David Horwitz , MD Paula Prezioso , MD Ellen Putter , MD Debra Greenstein , MD Gweneth Levy , MD Aviva Oppenheim , MD	MD Harris Burstin	---	Paula Prezioso
359	One of the prize students in Mr. Wing 's group is Lloyd Doppman ,  a detective with the  Nassau County Police Department who is fluent in Mandarin .	Lloyd Doppman	detective	Nassau County Police Department
360	The young centers who joined the league during the 1980 's are millionaires many times over , beyond anything Russell and Chamberlain would have dreamed .	Russell	---	Chamberlain
361	And it is precisely the same as CBS 's rating last year , when Baltimore pummeled the Giants , 34-7 .	CBS	---	Baltimore
362	Natasha Richardson  is to make her New York stage debut  in the title role of Eugene O'Neill 's `` Anna Christie , '' about a woman who tries to improve her life despite a questionable past .	Natasha Richardson	debut	New York
363	It was no secret that the Jets liked Browning Nagle ,  the Louisville quarterback  they used their first draft pick on today .	Browning Nagle	quarterback	Louisville
364	The official , Bennett W. Raley ,  an assistant secretary of the  interior , decided on Sunday night to make the trip after it became apparent that the parties '' were close enough to make it worth going , '' said a spokesman , Kip White .	Bennett W. Raley	secretary	interior
365	The main exhibition of 19 rooms leading to this central rotunda traces Jewish culture from ancient times to medieval Germany to Vilna in Lithuania to Berlin , Yemen , Morocco , Spain , the Ottoman Empire , the Netherlands , the United States and Israel , with the 19th room devoted to a Larry Rivers triptych that aspires to depict the entire history of the Jews all by itself .	Lithuania	---	Yemen
366	Sandy Peyton , a program assistant at the Department of Veterans Affairs , said Mr. Derwinski called her '' Miss America '' and added , '' I do n't mind at all being called that . ''	Department of Veterans Affairs	---	Miss America
367	It has been held by James Michael Curley , Boston 's '' Rascal King Mayor ; '' it was Tip O'Neill 's seemingly forever after he won it in 1952 , when John F. Kennedy was elected to the Senate , and when Mr. O'Neill retired in 1986 it returned to the Kennedy family .	Mr. O'Neill	---	Kennedy
368	A lawyer for Mr. Gardiner , Joseph R. Attonito , said last week that unlike the Goelets , Mr. Gardiner would welcome a government role in the island 's future .	Joseph R. Attonito	---	Mr. Gardiner
369	Ronald S. Lauder , United States Ambassador to Austria , confirmed yesterday that he would leave his post and return to New York , but not necessarily to run for the United States Senate .	United States	---	Senate
370	'' Welcome to the Friendliest City in the USA , '' a sign says .	Friendliest City	---	USA
371	It says he even managed to shut down the official Web site for the Yasukuni Shrine , dedicated to Japan 's World War II military heroes .	Yasukuni Shrine	---	World War II
372	WITH : Abbie Cornish -LRB- Heidi -RRB- , Sam Worthington -LRB- Joe -RRB- , Lynette Curran -LRB- Irene -RRB- , Erik Thomson -LRB- Richard -RRB- , Nathaniel Dean -LRB- Stuart -RRB- , Hollie Andrew -LRB- Bianca -RRB- and Olivia Pigeot -LRB- Nicole -RRB- .	Erik Thomson	---	Nathaniel Dean
373	Republican doubts about Mr. Schlesinger were crystallized when the White House spokesman , Tony Snow , pointedly refused on Monday to say the White House would endorse him .	Mr. Schlesinger	---	Tony Snow
374	After a venture-capital newsletter reported Mr. Perry 's investment in the company , two bankers with Harvard M.B.A. 's -- one at Morgan Stanley and one at Goldman Sachs -- called Mr. Gordon .	Morgan Stanley	---	Mr. Gordon
375	Stravinsky used a French Baroque dance manual as the basis for his score ; Balanchine deployed the academic vocabulary of classical ballet .	French Baroque	---	Balanchine
376	Gibson began her career on the predominantly black American Tennis Association circuit before winning her two Wimbledon , one French -LRB- 1956 -RRB- and two United States national titles -LRB- 1957-58 -RRB- .	French	---	United States
377	Seen in that light , the vanished Tibet captured in Mr. Harrer 's images may hold the seeds of the free Tibet of tomorrow , a Tibet for which many observers , Tibetan and non-Tibetan alike , continue to wait in vigilant patience .	Mr. Harrer	---	Tibet
378	Whether as part of the famous Jack Benny radio ensemble from 1936 to 1952 or as the star of his own show with his wife , Alice Faye , from 1946 to 1954 , Mr. Harris , with his black curly hair , wide , toothy grin and trademark `` Hi ya , Jackson , '' was the epitome of the slang-slinging , wise-cracking slacker , a drummer given to one liners and two fingers of bourbon .	Alice Faye	---	Mr. Harris
379	BRUCE L. EHRMANN New York City DECO SKYSCRAPER	BRUCE L. EHRMANN	---	New York City DECO SKYSCRAPER
380	One pilot , David Smith , 26 , of Amarillo , Tex. , told reporters on the Roosevelt that the main threat came from Serbian ground positions rather than the Serbian MIG 's .	David Smith	---	Tex.
381	Then there was the Philadelphia episode , a stunning 40-8 49ers loss to the Eagles in which Young  was pulled from the game by Coach  George Seifert to avoid injury  .	Young	pulled	George Seifert
382	 Last year 's French Open men 's champion  , GUSTAVO KUERTEN , who made an affable enough exit in the second round of singles , where he fell to Russia 's 18-year-old MARAT SADE , was thrown out of his doubles quarterfinal Tuesday evening after he got into a squabble with head umpire BRUNO REBEUH and hurled his racquet toward the official .	French Open	champion	GUSTAVO KUERTEN
383	It once drew visitors like Damon Runyon and Jayne Mansfield and took in up to $ 65 million a year in bets .	Damon Runyon	---	Jayne Mansfield
384	BAROID CORP. ,  a Houston-based supplier of petroleum services  , said it had signed a definitive agreement to acquire Sub Sea International , Inc. , a privately held company , from the Energy Recovery Fund of Chevy Chase , Md. , and other shareholders .	BAROID CORP.	supplier	Houston-based
385	Earlier this year , Continental Airlines introduced daily nonstop service to Houston , United Airlines added nonstop service to Denver , and American Airlines offered nonstop service to Dallas .	Houston	---	United Airlines
386	-LRB- These works all receive impassioned and expert advocacy from members of the Group for Contemporary Music ,  which Mr. Wuorinen founded  in 1962 . -RRB-	Group for Contemporary Music	founded	Mr. Wuorinen
387	After studying the need for affordable housing for several years , Ms. Bennett said , the group last year completed Farribank Town Houses , which contains four units .	Ms. Bennett	---	Farribank Town Houses
388	Miller  's teams at City played  Army .	Miller	played	Army
389	On Thursday , Shell said that regulators in the Netherlands were investigating possible insider trading .	Shell	---	Netherlands
390	But Robert ,  fearing Gertrude 's inflexibility  , balks .	Robert	fearing	Gertrude
391	Becker , top-ranked and top-seeded but slowed by a thigh strain , had relinquished his stake in the Open almost as expeditiously as Connors proclaimed his .	Open	---	Connors
392	This is the Missoula Children 's Theater  dramatization  of the original Grimm Brothers ' tale  , designed for children and the casting of some 50 parts to be done by auditions .	Missoula Children 's Theater	dramatization	Grimm Brothers
393	At Bank of New York and Irving Bank , the reactions to the Fed 's ruling were as expected .	Bank of New York	---	Irving Bank
394	While traveling aboard  a trans-Atlantic liner to London  , David Brooke , the tormented hero of McElroy 's first novel , tries to connect eight jumbled manuscripts into a single narrative recounting the lives and sufferings of his family and friends .	trans-Atlantic	liner	David Brooke
395	Represented among the 56 works in the exhibition are Thomas Eakins on boxing ; George Bellows on boxing and tennis ; Elaine de Kooning on basketball ; Winslow Homer on croquet ; Childe Hassam on golf ; Henri Rousseau on rugby ; Marjorie Phillips on baseball ; Andrew Wyeth on fishing , and Andy Warhol , who once said that everyone would be famous for 15 minutes , on a group of sports celebrities who have lasted considerably longer .	Elaine de Kooning	---	Childe Hassam
396	`` These feelings in the therapist , if out of control , can skew therapy in many ways , '' said Dr. Kenneth Pope , a clinical psychologist in Los Angeles , who will publish the findings with a colleague , Dr. Barbara Tabachnick , in the May issue of the journal Professional Psychology .	Dr. Barbara Tabachnick	---	Professional Psychology
397	For 50 years , ever since President Harry S. Truman swore in Adm. Sidney W. Souers  as the nation 's first Director of  Central Intelligence , there have been complaints about United States intelligence .	Sidney W. Souers	Director	Central Intelligence
398	`` There is no agreement if there is no guarantee from the big nations , '' General Ali predicted , `` and that means the United States and Western Europe . ''	United States	---	Western Europe
399	William Tanui , Olympic gold medalist , and Paul Ruto , a gold medalist at the 1993 world championship , represent Africa at 800 meters .	William Tanui	---	Paul Ruto
400	WASHINGTON , May 25 -LRB- Reuters -RRB- -- The United States intends to freeze the assets of Haitian businessmen identified as backers of the military leaders , the State Department said today .	United States	---	Haitian
401	The bride is a retail executive with Lord & Taylor in Ridgewood , N.J.	Lord & Taylor	---	N.J.
402	-LRB- Such trips are common , but ABC News had recently broadcast images of Mr. Downey on a Jet Ski during one such trip to Barbados . -RRB-	Mr. Downey	---	Barbados
403	WITH : Mitch Mullany -LRB- Nick Freno -RRB- , Stuart Pankin -LRB- Kurt Fust -RRB- , Portia de Rossi -LRB- Elana Lewis -RRB- , Clinton Jackson -LRB- Mezz Crosby -RRB- , Ross Malinger -LRB- Tyler -RRB- , Jonathan Hernandez -LRB- Orlando -RRB- , Cara DeLizia -LRB- Sarah -RRB- , Arjay Smith -LRB- Jared -RRB- and Kyle Gibson -LRB- David -RRB- .	Sarah	---	Arjay Smith
404	James Rocap ,  one of Mr. Meese 's attorneys  , has said his client had no '' personal and substantial involvement '' in Government matters pertaining to the regional companies .	James Rocap	attorneys	Mr. Meese
405	Mr. Cheney spoke at the winter meeting this year in Washington , but Kevin Sheridan , a spokesman for the party , said no decision had been made on who would speak in the summer .	Washington	---	Kevin Sheridan
406	The investigation fueled the anger that some specialists have harbored against Mr. Grasso and highlighted the Big Board 's awkward position as both regulator and marketplace .	Mr. Grasso	---	Big Board
407	But analysts said three of China 's most prominent advocates of liberalization , Deputy Prime Ministers Hu Qili and Wan Li and Prime Minister Zhao Ziyang , were also associated with the policy and could be blamed for it .	Hu Qili	---	Li
408	President Bill Clinton  ordered the  Pentagon to draw up plans for a military strike when the North threatened to begin production in 1994 , but a nuclear freeze agreement was reached later that year .	Bill Clinton	ordered	Pentagon
409	He was the youngest player in his threesome , joined by 54-year-old Tom Kite , who shot 72 , and 61-year-old Raymond Floyd ,  who won the Open at  Shinnecock in 1986 .	Raymond Floyd	won	Shinnecock
410	But it was widely reported - even by the official Soviet news agency Tass - that the Lacrosse  was being deployed to observe  Soviet and Eastern European  military operations through darkness or cloud cover  .	Lacrosse	observe	Eastern European
411	\* DAVID MURRAY QUARTET\/ODEAN POPE SAXOPHONE CHOIR -LRB- Tuesday through April 9 -RRB- In terms of sheer saxophone bluster , it would be tough to conjure a weightier double bill than this one , which pairs the avant-garde tenor titan David Murray -LRB- with Lafayette Gilchrist on piano , Jaribu Shahid on bass and Hamid Drake on drums -RRB- and the Odean Pope Saxophone Choir -LRB- nine saxophones , including Mr. Pope , and a rhythm section -RRB- .	Odean Pope Saxophone Choir	---	Mr. Pope
412	`` The moral here is that school chancellors lie , '' said Seymour Fliegel , a former New York City school administrator now at the Manhattan Institute for Policy Research , a private organization whose members have advised Mr. Giuliani .	New York City	---	Manhattan Institute for Policy Research
413	PRODUCER -- Squier Knapp Dunn Communications  in consultation with  David Garth .	Squier Knapp Dunn Communications	consultation	David Garth
414	Although Cuba  has joined the North Korean boycott of the Olympics  , the Cuban players have told their American counterparts during their current tour of the United States that they think their country will change its mind .	Cuba	joined	North Korean
415	Others on the 10-hour flight included Hillary Rodham Clinton ; Secretary of State Warren Christopher ; Defense Secretary William J. Perry ; Leon Panetta , the White House chief of staff ; former Secretaries of State Cyrus R. Vance and George P. Shultz , and Congressional leaders -- Newt Gingrich , the House Speaker ; Richard A. Gephardt , the minority leader ; Senator Bob Dole , the majority leader , and Senator Tom Daschle , the minority leader . -RRB-	Warren Christopher	---	William J. Perry
416	A16 Metro Digest B1 CUOMO PROPOSES Sounding election-year themes for New York State , which is recovering from a lingering recession , Governor Cuomo proposed incentives to encourage job growth , including cutting taxes on real-estate developers , corporations and hotels .	Metro Digest	---	New York State
417	Burt A. Adelman , M.D. Executive Vice President Research and Development James C. Mullen President and CEO James L. Vincent  Chairman of the  Board Biogen , Inc.	James L. Vincent	Chairman	Board Biogen , Inc.
418	Library of Congress : '' Monstrous Craws and Character Flaws : Masterpieces of Cartoon and Caricature at the Library of Congress , '' an inaugural exhibition at the Swann Gallery , Feb. 25-July 6 .	Library of Congress	---	Monstrous Craws
419	One Republican strategist and outside adviser to the White House said he was taken aback when Mr. Bush said on Tuesday he had not seen a list of candidates .	White House	---	Mr. Bush
420	Julia Searles ,  a Greyhound ticket agent in  Boston , said business travelers usually caught the 7:20 a.m.	Julia Searles	agent	Boston
421	LEAD : AVERY FISHER HALL is just about the least congenial showplace imaginable for folk dance , but the companies of Maria Alba and Ibrahim Farrah managed to make that large , bleak stage seem a good deal warmer in a shared bill Friday .	Maria Alba	---	Ibrahim Farrah
422	Jeanne Yate  's third-grade class in  Wellston , Okla. , sold birdseed for 50 cents a bag and sent Jessica $ 421 .	Jeanne Yate	class	Okla.
423	Two Scandinavians serving with the United Nations relief agency who were kidnapped in southern Lebanon last month were freed unharmed today , the United Nations announced here .	United Nations	---	Lebanon
424	For instance , Mr. Lee traded in the stocks of E-II Holdings and Staley Continental , two of the 25 listed in the S.E.C. complaint , through an account at Merrill Lynch , sources close to the inquiry said .	E-II Holdings	---	Staley Continental
425	The proposal received an enthusiastic endorsement yesterday from Senator Alan J. Dixon ,  an Illinois Democrat  who heads the consumer and regulatory affairs subcommittee of the Senate Banking Committee .	Alan J. Dixon	Democrat	Illinois
426	Clients include Sprite soda -LRB- the Coca-Cola Company -RRB- ; Rockport shoes -LRB- Reebok International -RRB- ; and the Chrysler Group -LRB- DaimlerChrysler -RRB- , which was introduced to Mr. Arnell by John Wren , chief executive at Omnicom in New York , during the negotiations to buy the agencies .	Omnicom	---	New York
427	More important , Abercrombie 's association has acquired fighters who have gained ring prominence and , in the case of Frank Tate , the Internationl Boxing Federation middleweight champion , and Calvin Grove , the I.B.F. featherweight champion , world titles .	Frank Tate	---	Calvin Grove
428	LEAD : The Campeau Corporation 's rocky 18-month adventure in American retailing has run into its biggest cash squeeze yet , forcing its American  subsidiaries , which own  Bloomingdale 's , Jordan Marsh and other national chains , to say they might have to file for bankruptcy protection .	American	own	Jordan Marsh
429	Publishers are also producing movie trailers for best-selling authors like John Grisham or Olivia Goldsmith that are timed to coincide with movies based on their books .	John Grisham	---	Olivia Goldsmith
430	To judge by recent annual reports , the phrase alludes almost exclusively to African , Asian , American Indian and especially Hispanic countries and cultures .	Asian	---	American Indian
431	Finally , the Gray Wig , Hofstra 's alumni theater group , previews Stephen Sondheim 's '' Into the Woods , '' which does n't officially open until Friday , at 8:30 P.M. followed by a champagne toast , dessert and the televised activities in Times Square -LRB- 463-6644 -RRB- .	Stephen Sondheim	---	Woods
432	But Mr. Goldfeder 's failure thus far to accomplish that goal , according to analysts , is a major reason why he now finds himself having to fight off an unwanted $ 4.2 billion bid from Robert Campeau ,  the Toronto-based real estate developer  .	Robert Campeau	developer	Toronto-based
433	Part II Minnesota had not beaten Ohio State in Columbus since 1949 -- until Saturday , when Glen Mason ,  who played and coached under  Woody Hayes , led the Golden Gophers to a 29-17 victory .	Glen Mason	played	Woody Hayes
434	What Ms. Hunt suggests is that the French , like many other 18th-century Europeans , thought of their rulers as fathers ; and in sending Louis Capet , the former Louis XVI , to the guillotine in 1793 , they were , in effect , enacting a ritual parricide .	French	---	Europeans
435	One is Tom Leyland , his older brother , who lives in Perrysburg , Ohio .	Perrysburg	---	Ohio
436	Though Jean-Jacques and his four siblings were raised as Catholics , the family fled to Spain when the Nazis conquered France and began to persecute people of Jewish heritage .	Catholics	---	Spain
437	The 107 Forest Avenue restaurant in Locust Valley -LRB- 674-3441 -RRB- is planning a Robert Mondavi-seafood dinner on May 3 at 7:15 P.M. .	Locust Valley	---	Robert Mondavi-seafood
438	Miss de Ribere has choreographed stronger pieces than '' Orchesographie '' -LRB- to the score by Peter Warlock and Alan Gout used for Frederick Ashton 's early ballet '' Capriol Suite '' -RRB- , in which some uncharacteristic cuteness marred her shifting clever patterns and references to the Renaissance dance manual associated with the music .	Alan Gout	---	Frederick Ashton
439	Phil Powers , the executive director of the American Alpine Club in Golden , Colo. , said North Americans could benefit from more exposure to via ferrata .	Golden	---	North Americans
440	A trustee emertia of Barnard College , where she served for over 40 years , she was also an energetic advocate for Cornell Weill Medical College , New York-Presbyterian Hospital , Woodrow Wilson National Fellowship Foundation , the NOW Legal Defense and Education Fund , and many other organizations .	Cornell Weill Medical College	---	New York-Presbyterian Hospital
441	The quartet also played '' Evic Taksim , ''  a work by the late-19th-century Turkish composer  Tanburi Cemil Bey in a recent arrangement by Stephen Prutsman that captures the work 's modal , sweetly decorative Middle Eastern flavor .	Evic Taksim	work	Tanburi Cemil Bey
442	Mr. Yeremin ,  who had just toured Europe with the play  , enthusiastically described the interrelationship of the characters , the actors and the audience .	Mr. Yeremin	toured	Europe
443	Shiva will be held at the home of Seymour Trepel , 100 Fulton Street , Lawrence , L.I. , on Tuesday , Wednesday and Thursday .	Fulton Street	---	L.I.
444	The audience heard remarks by Bernardo Sepulveda Amor , Foreign Minister of Mexico ; Clemente Orozco , the artist 's son ; Benjamin Holloway , vice chairman of Equitable , and Mayor Koch .	Clemente Orozco	---	Benjamin Holloway
445	Now 28 , Mr. Schroder will play partner to Detective Andy Sipowicz -LRB- Dennis Franz -RRB- .	Mr. Schroder	---	Dennis Franz
446	But Dr. Wilmot said he would continue to spend most of his time in Europe , where he believes many opportunities may lie for Poquet , in part because of the greater deregulation of the communications industry in some countries there .	Europe	---	Poquet
447	The producer of such films as the current Claire Denis hit , '' Chocolat , '' and movies by Ken Loach is back in Paris supervising postproduction of the latest movie from his MK2 production company .	Claire Denis	---	Ken Loach
448	A child in a white nightgown , Joan -LRB- Alexa Eisenstein and Gina Rose alternate in the part -RRB- , enters , saying she ca n't sleep .	Alexa Eisenstein	---	Gina Rose
449	Dr. Bosch fled Miami in 1974 while on parole for a 1972 conviction for leading a bazooka attack on a Polish freighter moored in Miami .	Dr. Bosch	fled	Miami
450	It is a big hit with Mr. McKeon , 41 , -- the son of Robert McKeon ,  an I.B.M. executive  who formed and presided over Westchester County 's Right-to-Life party -- despite the fact that he has only shot a gun once .	Robert McKeon	executive	I.B.M.
451	Bill Jones ,  a former California secretary of  state , is favored to win the Republican Senate primary against several lesser-known candidates .	Bill Jones	secretary	state
452	Dr. Smithson of the Stimson Center recently told a subcommittee of the Senate Committee on Governmental Affairs that roughly 850,000 American facilities , many in or near major cities , use hazardous or extremely hazardous chemicals .	Dr. Smithson	---	Stimson Center
453	Hamilton said Bavaro had pushed him , and Bavaro was ejected from the game .	Bavaro	---	Bavaro
454	As any perusal of any Yale alumni magazine would indicate , the list of distinguished Yalies is long .	Yale	---	Yalies
455	One of the reports released on Wednesday found that  an American company  , DynCorp , appeared to act almost independently of its contracting officers at the Department of State at times , billing the United States for millions of dollars of work that was never authorized and starting other jobs before they were requested .	American	company	DynCorp
456	Ullmann  herself studied English literature at  New York University and is now a literary critic in Norway .	Ullmann	studied	New York University
457	Construction is to begin this month on the gated community , called Hamlet Estates at Jericho , according to Elliot Monter , Holiday 's president .	Jericho	---	Elliot Monter
458	She is survived by two sons Robert and Brian , five grandchildren , two great-grandchildren and three siblings Ray Farkouh , Sally Takla , Victoria Farkouh and a large extended family .	Ray Farkouh	---	Sally Takla
459	He is third now , behind Rice -LRB- 92 -RRB- and running back Charlie Garner -LRB- 91 -RRB- ,  to whom the Raiders throw short passes  .	Charlie Garner	throw	Raiders
460	One informative section describes the case of Gibbons v. Ogden -LRB- 1824 -RRB- , '' the explosive steamboat case , '' and '' the Court 's first interpretation of the Commerce Clause , '' which , by its result , '' vastly enhanced the national government 's power to make laws broadly regulating national affairs ''	Gibbons	---	Ogden
461	Named as defendants in the indictment were Harold Hershenson , of San Carlos , Calif. , the executive vice president of Cordis during the period of the purported conspiracy ; John Pagones , of Coral Gables , Fla. , the former vice president for corporate product assurance , and Dean Ciporkin of Miami and Stephen Vadas of Homestead , Fla. , who worked in the company 's regulatory affairs division .	Calif.	---	Cordis
462	A spokesman for Argentina 's Foreign Ministry said on Friday that while his Government is still strongly opposed to a regional arms buildup , it is not concerned whether the United States removes or maintains the ban , especially since Argentina has no conflicts with its neighbors .	United States	---	Argentina
463	He and Dr. Bob Lyons ,  a range extension specialist  at  Texas A & M University , have begun a research program that uses G.P.S.-equipped collars developed to track wild animals to pinpoint exactly where cattle are eating or resting on a 4,200-acre research ranch .	Dr. Bob Lyons	specialist	Texas A & M University
464	The family requests that donations in lieu of flowers be made to The Nature Conservancy of New Jersey , 200 Pottersville Road , Chester , NJ 07930 .	New Jersey	---	Chester , NJ
465	Jenny Lee Held , a daughter of Gail and Herman Held of Chelmsford , Mass. , is to be married today to Joshua Adam Small , a son of Paula and Charles Small of East Windsor , N.J.	Chelmsford	---	Joshua Adam Small
466	'' For its size , capability and endurance , that plane fit like an old shoe , '' said Andy Serrell , 83 , of Berlin , Md. , who as a Navy pilot flew the Mars on Pacific runs from 1953 to 1956 .	Andy Serrell	---	Berlin
467	As related by Mr. Malouf , the settlers ' appalling mistreatment of Gemmy serves as a kind of frightening prelude to the far more violent `` dispersals '' and massacres that would be perpetrated on the aboriginal population in the years to come .	Mr. Malouf	---	Gemmy
468	Michael Carson  was introduced to ceramics in the Peace Corps in  Tunisia .	Michael Carson	introduced	Tunisia
469	BRITAIN : PADDINGTON UP AND RUNNING Trains are scheduled to resume running in and out of Paddington Station in West London today , more than three weeks after an intercity express collided with a commuter train , killing 30 people .	Paddington Station	---	West London
470	Despite the images of fervent belief evident today , a poll taken for a French Catholic newspaper , La Croix , and French television found that religion played no significant role in the lives of 63 percent of French people between the ages of 18 and 30 , according to a sample of 500 people who were asked how important it was to them .	La Croix	---	French
471	JOHN SULLIVAN , on the influx of Asians in Fremont , Calif.	JOHN SULLIVAN	---	Calif.
472	Boren -- 457,119 -- 40 % Inhofe -- 644,695 -- 57 %	Boren	---	Inhofe
473	One could say that the flat on West 81st Street where Josh Patner and Bryan Bradley of Tuleh work is a little like the one in '' The Apartment , '' the 1960 movie that starred Shirley MacLaine and Jack Lemmon .	Josh Patner	---	Bryan Bradley
474	I choose the Airline Information and Reservations branch , which triggers a new menu that includes O.A.G. , Eaasy Sabre and Travelshopper .	Eaasy Sabre	---	Travelshopper
475	The other finalists were Altschiller Reitzfeld ; Ephron , Raboy & Tsao , and MGA .	Ephron	---	MGA
476	And Dr. Das 's losing battle to uphold tradition is about to suffer yet another setback : a grandson plans to marry a non-Indian Christian from Chicago whom he met at Harvard .	non-Indian Christian	---	Harvard
477	Mr. Esposito is leaving at the end of the month to become a senior vice president and corporate security director of MBNA America , a financial institution and subsidiary of the MBNA Corporation based in Wilmington , Del.	MBNA Corporation	---	Wilmington
478	Houston , the defending M.L.S. champion , and D.C. United , which accumulated the most points in last year 's regular season , are in Central America today for the first match in a home-and-home series in the quarterfinal round of the Concacaf Champions Cup .	Houston	---	D.C. United
479	Half of those still without electricity are in Alabama , where soft-wood trees and power lines were particularly vulnerable to the hurricane 's gusts , said Scott Adcock ,  a spokesman for the  Alabama Emergency Management Agency .	Scott Adcock	spokesman	Alabama Emergency Management Agency
480	On the road to big-time college ball , the game goes according to Gene Pingatore ,  the domineering St. Joseph coach  .	Gene Pingatore	coach	St. Joseph
481	The Chargers did not move into Jets territory until their sixth drive , and then they were ushered in by a 15-yard personal foul on Donnie Abraham ,  for body-slamming} Tomlinson out of bounds  .	Donnie Abraham	body-slamming	Tomlinson
482	Cherished grandfather of Vanessa , Philip , Jamie , Jordan and Cameron .	Vanessa	---	Philip , Jamie
483	Catherine the Great , who was Empress of Russia from 1762 to 1796 , began the vogue for British art there and she stimulated those in the nobility who continued to accumulate works into the 19th century .	Russia	---	British
484	The pianist Alfred Brendel is to be the soloist with the Philharmonic and the New York Choral Artists in Beethoven 's Choral Fantasia -LRB- Op .	New York Choral Artists	---	Beethoven
485	And that the administration vowed to get Osama and Saddam and W.M.D. , and has n't .	Osama	---	Saddam
486	To protect people who perform good deeds , County Legislator George Oros , a Republican from Cortlandt and Peekskill , has introduced the Good Samaritan Safeguard Act , which would extend medical and legal coverage to them .	George Oros	---	Republican
487	Mongolia 's offer of troops surprised the American government because it had not asked Mongolia for help , said Steven R. Saunders , president of a private , Washington-based group promoting business ties with Mongolia .	Washington-based	---	Mongolia
488	Tel Aviv University and Tel Aviv University : American Council deeply mourn the passing of David Bernard Lipschultz , son-in-law of Joel D. Tauber , National Chairman TAU : AC .	Joel D. Tauber	---	National Chairman TAU
489	Ruud Polet ,  a spokesman for ING in  Amsterdam , said the British firm would retain the Barings name .	Ruud Polet	spokesman	Amsterdam
490	The Deputy Senate Minority Leader William H. Nickerson , a Greenwich Republican , said that Republicans are hoping to add at least one Senate seat , equalizing representation and giving the Republicans an advantage in tie votes , assuming that Mr. Rowland wins .	Republicans	---	Mr. Rowland
491	Howard Thistle , MD Vice Chairman & Clinical Program Director Mathew Lee , MD Howard A. Rusk Professor of Rehab Medicine Rusk\/NYU Medical Center	Vice Chairman & Clinical Program	Director	Mathew Lee
492	Rogues Hurt Iraq Police  An American effort to rebuild the Iraqi police  , undermanned and slow to get started , has become overwhelmed by corruption , political vengeance and lawlessness as rogue police units and other government security forces are accused of carrying out massacres and violence on behalf of political or tribal groups .	American	rebuild	Iraqi
493	-LRB- AP -RRB- Red Wings 8 , Flyers 4 : Paul MacLean scored two goals and Steve Yzerman added a goal and three assists as Detroit snapped Philadelphia 's eight-game home winning streak .	Paul MacLean	---	Steve Yzerman
494	His father owned Transmop ,  a freight-trucking company in  Sao Paulo .	Transmop	company	Sao Paulo
495	Hillary Wood Veeder , a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Peter Greig Veeder of Pittsburgh , was married yesterday to John William Dietz , the son of Judge and Mrs. John Anthony Dietz of Honeoye Falls , N.Y.	Mrs. Peter Greig Veeder	---	Pittsburgh
496	Jakobson  already owns a daybed by the sculptor  Rachel Whiteread and a rug by Barbara Bloom , and she has commissioned Tom Sachs to design a stand-up bar in place of the Donald Deskey dining table .	Jakobson	owns	Rachel Whiteread
497	`` Iron Maiden has sold 30 million records , '' Mr. Meyrowitz said .	`` Iron Maiden	---	Mr. Meyrowitz
498	In his most wide-ranging remarks on the scandal , General Reimer said that his first warning of trouble came last spring , when the results of a large Defense Department survey found that only half the Army women polled said their immediate supervisor made '' honest and reasonable efforts to stop sexual harassment . ''	Defense Department	---	Army
499	An elegant Egyptian-American human rights adviser with the C.P.A. , Hassanein  worked closely with  Holland and shared her commitment .	Hassanein	worked	Holland
500	Mr. Grote said that he was confident that BP 's reserves meet Securities and Exchange Commission requirements , and that BP books its reserves conservatively .	Mr. Grote	---	BP
