1	Cathleen Colella , the owner of the Hazardous Elimination Corporation ,  a hazardous substance remediation company based in  Farmingdale , N.Y. , agreed .	Hazardous Elimination Corporation	---	Farmingdale	-	Missing
2	What fun , what with the costumes , the music , the pageantry , the pride , starting last evening with Italian night as the ethnically diverse Mets  met the equally diverse  Dodgers .	Mets	met	Dodgers	1	Correct
3	The main threat to the truce , however , continued to come from Srebrenica ,  about 100 miles east of  Sarajevo in a region of eastern Bosnia that has seen some of the war 's most brutal Serbian attacks on Muslims .	Srebrenica	---	Sarajevo	-	Missing
4	The area is 65 miles east of Prudhoe Bay , North America  's largest oilfield  , and proponents say it has enough oil to constitute half of all domestic oil production in five years , an estimate that has been disputed .	Prudhoe Bay	---	North America	-	Missing
5	And in a case of , at best , selective perception , Frazier and Breen discussed the Bobcats  ' road record -LRB- 9-32 after beating the   Knicks -RRB- and their youthful team 's penchant for blowing late leads .	Bobcats	---	Knicks	-	Missing
6	In the area of Mr. Cage 's progeny , Mr. Zukofsky has chosen music by Zoltan Jeney , a Hungarian Minimalist ; Christian Wolff ,  a French-born composer  who has adopted aspects of Mr. Cage 's '' chance '' approach ; Jo Kondo , a young Japanese composer who worked with Mr. Cage in New York , and the late Morton Feldman , a Cage student who , as Mr. Zukofsky notes , '' went his own way , and is probably the most important composer of the group . ''	Christian Wolff	---	French-born	-	Missing
7	In an interview with Channel 10 television on Tuesday , Mr. Sharon said Israel would reserve the right to hit back if the Palestinians continued to attack after the withdrawal .	Mr. Sharon	said	Israel	0	Mistake
8	Aweil , like Abyei ,  is a Government-controlled town  .	Abyei	---	Government-controlled	-	Missing
9	If You 're Thinking of Living In Correction : October 7 , 2001 , Sunday The Gazetteer chart last Sunday with an article about living in the Madison  section of  Brooklyn referred incorrectly to the area 's City Council representation .	Madison	---	Brooklyn	-	Missing
10	Now in its 58th final , the United States  is pursuing a 30th Cup title  .	United States	---	Cup	-	Missing
11	Mary Christine Szto , a daughter of Dr. Clarice Szto and the Rev. Dr. Paul Szto of Jamaica , Queens , was married there yesterday at Queens Christian Reformed Church to Urs Martin Lauchli ,   a son of  Alice Lauchli and Peter Lauchli , both of Winterthur , Switzerland .	Urs Martin Lauchli	---	Peter Lauchli	-	Missing
12	Apsley House in London ,  once the home of the first  Duke of Wellington , has reopened after a three-and-a-half year , $ 9.6 million restoration .	Apsley House	---	Duke	-	Missing
13	Mr. Chao  cited a Dutch television program  that in the midst of a national debate over nudity on television showed a naked woman in a chair for 24 hours .	Mr. Chao	---	Dutch	-	Missing
14	Utah -LRB- 18-4 -RRB- and  its incomparable tandem of  Stockton and Karl Malone came to town having won 16 of their last 17 games and playing as well as any team in the National Basketball Association .	Utah	---	Stockton	-	Missing
15	A little self-control would not be a bad idea , which is why Schools Chancellor Rudy Crew  has ordered District 8 's board members to undergo conflict-resolution training after previous dust-ups among them  .	Rudy Crew	---	District 8	-	Missing
16	In May , Ana Marie Cox ,  the Internet gossip  whose Web log , Wonkette , focuses on Washington , published a link to another blogger who called herself the Washingtonienne .	Ana Marie Cox	---	Internet	-	Missing
17	The dispute over how to best treat heart attack victims surfaced in November when the results of a major study on strategies in cardiology were reported at  an American Heart Association meeting in  Washington .	American Heart Association	---	Washington	-	Missing
18	\* Harmon Glass ,  an installation and distribution division of  Apogee Enterprises Inc. , to the Edison Group , Minneapolis , a subsidiary of Martin-Williams Advertising Inc. \* Lotus Development Corp. , Cambridge , Mass. , a computer software company , to Bronner Slosberg Humphrey Inc. , Boston .	Harmon Glass	---	Apogee Enterprises Inc.	-	Missing
19	Chief Assistant District Attorney David Freundlich  identified Mr. Charafeddine as a member of the Hazbollah Terrorist Organization  , an Iranian-sponsored Shiite Moslem group that has been accused of various terrorist activities throughout the world .	David Freundlich	identified	Mr. Charafeddine	1	Correct
20	Dr. Geddis  attended  Fordham Prep , Fordham University and graduated from Georgetown Medical School in 1933 .	Dr. Geddis	---	Fordham University	-	Missing
21	People in the auditorium cheered the president-elect 's pledge that Americans  can count on  France .	Americans	can count on	France	1	Correct
22	Mr. Bisek  has to search for reliable Slovak editors  because he is not expert with Slovak .	Mr. Bisek	---	Slovak	-	Missing
23	Mr. Kim and other opposition leaders , for example ,  supported Mr. Roh 's decision  not to have a midterm referendum on his policies and have generally asked for patience among their supporters to let the President prove himself in office .	Mr. Kim	---	Mr. Roh	-	Missing
24	Now that Richard Krajicek  pocketed a Grand Slam crown at   Wimbledon , Goran Ivanisevic remains the only member of the tennis brat pack without a slam to his name , so this Open is his last chance in 1996 to catch up with the other 20-something wonderboys .	Richard Krajicek	---	Wimbledon	-	Missing
25	BUFFALO SABRES --  Promoted  Gerry Meehan , general manager ,  to executive vice president for sports operations  .	BUFFALO SABRES	---	Gerry Meehan	-	Missing
26	On Monday afternoon , he said that someone stole a pair of diamond earrings from him at Gleason  's Gym in  Manhattan .	Gleason	---	Manhattan	-	Missing
27	' We want to put our message out there in a unique way to make our brand more relevant , '' said Cort Cunningham ,  account director at  Gotham .	Cort Cunningham	---	Gotham	-	Missing
28	`` They 're having terrible manpower problems ; no one wants to fight , '' said Milos Vasic , military writer for the Belgrade magazine Vreme .	Belgrade	---	Vreme	-	Missing
29	Jeffrey A. Stewart ,  President of  Friends of  Keney Park , added that he was pleased at the connection between kids at area schools and the park as a natural and teaching resource .	Jeffrey A. Stewart	---	Friends of  Keney Park	-	Missing
30	' Andy  was very , very supportive of  me , '' Mr. Brown said .	Andy	---	Mr. Brown	-	Missing
31	Those arrested in Miami were charged with trying to infiltrate military bases and Cuban  exile organizations in the  United States ; they face life in prison if convicted .	Cuban	---	United States	-	Missing
32	From 1948 to 1951 he was chief of  the United States military mission to  Iran .	United States	---	Iran	-	Missing
33	Mr. Roberts , who is 50 years old , was president and chief executive officer of the Southern Boiler and Tank Works ,  a family business in  Memphis , Tenn. , that manufactures reactor containment liners for nuclear power plants , when he became a campaign finance officer in the 1980 election campaign of George Bush .	Southern Boiler and Tank Works	---	Memphis , Tenn.	-	Missing
34	Officials at Fidelity ,  a unit of the  FMR Corporation , confirmed yesterday that as of Sept. 30 the fund will accept only new investments from current shareholders or from participants in retirement programs that include Magellan as an investment option .	Fidelity	---	FMR Corporation	-	Missing
35	At a time when luxury sales elsewhere , even in  the recently booming South Beach  section of Miami  , are skittish , in the New Urbanist developments , houses and cottages , apartments and town houses command a premium price with no shortage of buyers , according to the developers .	South Beach	---	Miami	-	Missing
36	Marsden ,  whose University of Utah teams  won six collegiate championships in 13 years , told The Pittsburgh Press that his authority had been undermined by federation officials who have made gymnasts '' pawns in a political chess game . ''	Marsden	---	University of Utah	-	Missing
37	' Time of Your Life , ''  which has its premiere on Fox tonight  , maintains the appealing romanticized realism of its parent series .	Time of Your Life	has its premiere on	Fox	1	Correct
38	The competition grew more intense yesterday in the battle for RJR Nabisco , as F. Ross Johnson ,  the company 's chief executive  , announced that he and his financial partner , Shearson Lehman Hutton , would not work with Kohlberg , Kravis , Roberts & Company on a combined buyout bid .	RJR Nabisco	---	F. Ross Johnson	-	Missing
39	ZIMBABWE : OPPOSITION WARNING The leader of Zimbabwe 's opposition , Morgan Tsvangirai , left , said his Movement for Democratic Change , which saw two more of its supporters killed Tuesday in political violence , would not stand by and watch as government loyalists continued to attack its members .	Morgan Tsvangirai	said	Movement for Democratic Change	0	Mistake
40	Messier has been upset because the Rangers  re-signed Coach  Colin Campbell and the Knicks re-signed center Patrick Ewing and Coach Jeff Van Gundy , while the Rangers had not made an offer to him .	Rangers	re-signed	Colin Campbell	1	Correct
41	Mr. Knudsen  was a native of  Storm Lake , Iowa , and a graduate of North High School in Omaha .	Mr. Knudsen	was a native of	Storm Lake	1	Correct
42	' Cities like Manhattan , Boston , San Francisco -- these are the examples we are using to move our downtown forward , '' said Johnny L. Winton ,  a member of the  City Commission , adding that some 90,000 housing units were in various stages of construction citywide .	Johnny L. Winton	---	City Commission	-	Missing
43	The service is not intended for employment screening and has so far only been sold to insurance company investigators or donated to law enforcement agencies , said Judi Schultz ,  a LexisNexis spokeswoman  .	Judi Schultz	---	LexisNexis	-	Missing
44	`` It disclosed that the sponsor was behind in payments on the interest on the construction loan to the National Westminster Bank but that the bank had not declared a default , '' said Richard Barr ,  a spokesman for  Mr. Abrams .	Richard Barr	---	Mr. Abrams	-	Missing
45	The Sundstrand case is separate from  a widely publicized Federal investigation in  Virginia centering on allegations that other major contractors and consultants paid bribes to Pentagon officials in exchange for information on military contracts .	Federal	---	Virginia	-	Missing
46	'' Sad Strains of a Gay Waltz ''  not only seems too florid for Dische 's brittle comedy   , it also relies on the easiest of double-entendres .	Sad Strains of a Gay Waltz	---	Dische	-	Missing
47	' We thought we wanted to make gabba , '' said Ms. Murray-Leslie , referring to the dark , high-speed techno that Mr. Just  's former band  Ilsa Gold once specialized in .	Mr. Just	---	Ilsa Gold	-	Missing
48	During his class , Mr. O'Meally  touched on everything from the use of jazz in Ralph Ellison 's novel '' Invisible Man '' to the jazz aesthetic in paintings by Jackson Pollock and Romare Bearden , to the jazz music of Louis Armstrong and Cab Calloway in Betty Boop cartoons  .	Mr. O'Meally	---	Ralph Ellison	-	Missing
49	' A time limit is necessary at some point , and we must consider such options as sanctions , '' Japan  's new foreign minister  , Nobutaka Machimura , told Japan 's business daily Nihon Keizai Shimbun last week .	Japan	---	Nobutaka Machimura	-	Missing
50	 Once the proud industrial power of  Asia , Japan is now drawing the attention of the International Monetary Fund , which wants to help Japan assess its mountain of nonperforming bank loans .	Asia	---	Japan	-	Missing
51	After the party , though ,  the Japanese newspaper  Asahi Shimbun quoted a 30-year-old Japanese woman as saying , '' Not everybody is Yon-sama . ''	Japanese	---	Asahi Shimbun	-	Missing
52	And there is sharp opposition to the deal cut with the three largest Muslim federations , under pressure from the government , to appoint Dr. Dalil Boubakeur , an Algerian  who heads the  Paris Mosque , as the first president of the council , even before the election .	Algerian	heads	Paris Mosque	1	Correct
53	Gen. Charles H. Coolidge Jr. ,  the president of the Air Force board that investigated the crash  , at the time of the accident the service did not even train its pilots in how to read the Jeppesen charts , which differ from Air Force charts in many details .	Charles H. Coolidge Jr.	---	Air Force	-	Missing
54	Three days after the F.B.I.  raided his  Deerfield Beach , Fla. ,  offices  searching for information that will link him to a racketeering investigation being conducted by the United States Attorney 's office in Newark , the promoter Don King said that he would have gladly given authorities any information they wanted if they had subpoenaed it .	F.B.I.	---	Deerfield Beach	-	Missing
55	Jerry Pangandoyon  operates one of the largest , the  EZ Industrial 875E Pressure Water Cart , a motorized cart with a ground-level nozzle system to blast the dirt from the walkways and a super-strength power washer attachment for everything else .	Jerry Pangandoyon	---	EZ Industrial 875E Pressure Water Cart	-	Missing
56	Steve Berkowitz , senior vice president of the online services group for Microsoft , said ads would be made for Facebook , but they could also be aimed at any of MSN  's various Internet properties  , which have a total of 400 million users worldwide .	MSN	---	Internet	-	Missing
57	`` It saddened me to think that ` La Pastorela ' was becoming almost extinct , '' said Mr. Fender , a country-rockabilly singer who grew up as Baldemar Huerta in  the Rio Grande Valley town of  San Benito , Tex. , and plays one of the shepherds .	Rio Grande Valley	---	Tex.	-	Missing
58	The case could lead to decriminalization of euthanasia under `` carefully controlled conditions , '' predicted Eike Kluge ,  a professor of bio-ethics at the  University of Victoria .	Eike Kluge	---	University of Victoria	-	Missing
59	Ms. Filippone  is also executive administrator of the  Passaic River Coalition , a nonprofit environmental group that deals with water supply and quality issues in the Wanaque watershed .	Ms. Filippone	is also executive administrator of	Passaic River Coalition	1	Correct
60	' Finally , after quite a few years , '' said Mr. Mottola  of the Long Island board  , '' we 're seeing prices rise . ''	Mr. Mottola	---	Long Island	-	Missing
61	As months go by without evidence of his whereabouts , several senior officials said this week that they were skeptical that he survived the American-led  bombing in the Tora Bora region of  Afghanistan last December .	American-led	---	Afghanistan	-	Missing
62	On the other side , suggests Peter Diamond ,  an economist at the  Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a consultant to the Government-sponsored Advisory Council on Social Security , is a group of '' New Deal realists '' who fear that any profound change in the way Social Security is structured would pit the '' haves '' against the '' have-nots . ''	Peter Diamond	---	Massachusetts Institute of Technology	-	Missing
63	Assumptions like these about the acceptability of sex are at play in gang rape , a rare event that occurs disproportionately on college campuses , where most cases go unreported , according to Dr. Chris O'Sullivan ,  a psychologist at  Bucknell University .	Dr. Chris O'Sullivan	---	Bucknell University	-	Missing
64	' It can get you a boat that 's outside your budget , '' said Scott Croft ,  a spokesman for  Boat U.S. , the nation 's largest recreational boating association .	Scott Croft	---	Boat U.S.	-	Missing
65	Otto Penzler ,  an American expert  on mystery fiction and thrillers who owns the two Mysterious Bookshops in Manhattan and Los Angeles , has said the book is '' one of the milestones of espionage fiction and brought it truly and irrevocably into the modern era . ''	Otto Penzler	---	American	-	Missing
66	The number of offices was a sign of an unfocused approach to the practice in California , said James E. Topinka ,  who left  Coudert 's San Francisco  office  when it closed and is now at Winston & Strawn .	James E. Topinka	---	San Francisco	-	Missing
67	Normally , Republicans in Congress  work closely with Republican governors  .	Republicans	---	Republican	-	Missing
68	And James A. Yates ,  the co-counsel and chief Shoreham aide to Assembly Speaker Mel Miller  , a Brooklyn Democrat , said Mr. Miller would be '' very concerned if any new settlement were linked to legislative passage . ''	Shoreham	---	Mel Miller	-	Missing
69	We were friends , '' said Jeff Inlow ,  the 17-year-old son of the Rev.  Linda Inlow , the church 's pastor .	Jeff Inlow	---	Linda Inlow	-	Missing
70	The Mayor , whose attacks on Mr. Jackson got far more attention than his endorsement of Senator Albert Gore Jr. of Tennessee , was asked on Monday whether he expected Mr. Jackson  to come back to  New York and campaign against him in next year 's mayoral race .	Mr. Jackson	---	New York	-	Missing
71	Mr. Muirhead , 47 , succeeds Harvey Hoffenberg , 43 , who will continue as chairman and chief creative officer .	Mr. Muirhead	---	Harvey Hoffenberg	-	Missing
72	LEAD : Debt Belgium  is issuing $ 300 million of 8 percent  Eurobonds due in 1997 at 101 1\/2 to yield 7.78 percent , through County Bank Ltd.	Belgium	is issuing $ 300 million of	Eurobonds	1	Correct
73	Finally and grudgingly , Mr. Foley shut the bank and  had the House authorize an investigation of those who `` routinely and repeatedly '' overdrew their accounts by `` significant '' amounts  .	Mr. Foley	had	House	0	Mistake
74	Amid the confusion and some scattered violence -- two revenge killings were reported Friday in Gaza -- Hamas leaders suggested that their bolstered control in Gaza could help free a BBC reporter , Alan Johnston , kidnapped in Gaza in March .	BBC	---	Alan Johnston	-	Missing
75	Xavier Green ,  who was planning to take Mr. Cockrel  to Kennedy International Airport yesterday to apply for a job as a skycap , said he and Mr. Cockrel used to socialize in Greenwich Village precisely because its streets bustled with such an ostentatious mix of different life styles .	Xavier Green	was planning to take	Mr. Cockrel	1	Correct
76	That is until he and 48 classmates were adopted by Grinnell College , the first academic institution to sponsor a class under the '' I Have a Dream '' program underwritten by Eugene Lang ,  a New York business executive  .	Eugene Lang	---	New York	-	Missing
77	 In Le Figaro , Mr. Chirac asked  : `` Do the French people want to entrust France to Jospin and his Socialist friends for seven more years ?	Le Figaro	---	Mr. Chirac	-	Missing
78	They selected defenseman Joel Bouchard from Buffalo ,  forward Sheldon Keefe from  Tampa Bay and forward Mike Siklenka from Philadelphia .	Sheldon Keefe	---	Tampa Bay	-	Missing
79	In image , George Bush is no Joe McCarthy .	George Bush	is	Joe McCarthy	0	Mistake
80	Mr. Parker 's lawyer , Dominic Barbara ,  who has offices in  Manhattan and Garden City , says his client gave his wife $ 20 , with which she bought the winning ticket and a Valentine 's Day card for him .	Dominic Barbara	has offices in	Manhattan and Garden City	1	Correct
81	November wedding plans for Karen Stacey Lamb and Marc Brian Spector ,  a son of  Dr. Joan Spector and Michael H. Spector of Great Neck , L.I. , have been announced by her parents , Mr. and Mrs. Merrill Lamb of Miami .	Marc Brian Spector	---	Michael H. Spector	-	Missing
82	One of the men convicted of bombing the World Trade Center , Ahmad M. Ajaj ,  spent four months in  Pakistan in 1992 , returning to the United States with a bomb manual later seized by the United States government .	Ahmad M. Ajaj	---	Pakistan	-	Missing
83	Mr. Bieder contends that Federal  agencies -- including the  Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms , the Federal Bureau of Investigation , Federal Protective Services , the General Services Administration and the Marshal 's Service -- failed to prepare for a terrorist act from the militant right-wing underground .	Federal	---	Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms	-	Missing
84	' The Guardian Council and the Interior Ministry represent two different powers , '' said Ramin Jahanbegloo , director of the Department of Contemporary Studies in the Cultural Research Bureau ,  a research institution based in  Tehran .	Cultural Research Bureau	---	Tehran	-	Missing
85	Mr. Ratner ,  who built the Metrotech office center  in downtown Brooklyn , is a major player on 42d Street with a development on the south side of the street that will include a huge movie complex and Madame Tussaud 's wax museum .	Mr. Ratner	---	Metrotech	-	Missing
86	Our reviewer , Jay Winik ,  called Sears 's reconstruction '' the Civil War equivalent of a modern spy satellite photograph  .	Jay Winik	---	Sears	-	Missing
87	The International Monetary Fund and the World Bank formally offered membership today to Russia , Ukraine and most of the other  former Soviet republics  .	Ukraine	---	Soviet	-	Missing
88	By contrast , he believes , `` The Duchess of Malfi , '' which dates from 1612 , has a dense , sinewy quality not to be found even in Shakespeare , Webster  's older contemporary  : `` It 's about the supernatural , about sex , politics , spirituality , redemption , told through a poetic medium .	Shakespeare	---	Webster	-	Missing
89	Melvin R. Sampson ,  chairman of the  Yakima Tribal Council , said in an Aug. 14 letter to Senator Daniel K. Inouye , the Hawaii Democrat who heads the Select Committee on Indian Affairs , and Senator Daniel J. Evans of Washington , the panel 's ranking Republican , that the sentences '' are so severe and so disproportionately long for such minor violations that it numbs one 's feelings toward the supposed impartiality of the penal system in our county . ''	Melvin R. Sampson	---	Yakima Tribal Council	-	Missing
90	Andrew Kohut ,  an independent pollster for the  Pew Research Center for the People and the Press , says the new formulation mostly fills the need for political theater and good visuals .	Andrew Kohut	---	Pew Research Center	-	Missing
91	The Field Poll showed Mr. Bush  's share of the Republican vote  rising from a dangerously low 66 percent in July to a more healthy 83 percent now , while Mr. Dukakis was backed by 22 percent of the Republicans in July and 10 percent now .	Mr. Bush	---	Republican	-	Missing
92	But critics say that while Mr. Clinton   may show tactical skill at managing the Kosovo conflict day to day  , that is all he is doing -- keeping a potential strategic disaster under control 24 hours at a time .	Mr. Clinton	---	Kosovo	-	Missing
93	Another sizable saving in the Council 's plan would come in the Law Department ,  whose head , Corporation Counsel  Paul A. Crotty , has provided the Mayor with the legal opinions that the Council 's own budget plan would violate the Charter .	Law Department	---	Paul A. Crotty	-	Missing
94	' They handled it in their normal manner , which is the way most millionaires do , '' said Representative William H. Gray 3d ,  the House majority whip  , '' which is to pound their breast and say we can not dare to talk about a cost-of-living adjustment , while living off their interest and their speaking fees . ''	William H. Gray 3d	---	House	-	Missing
95	Chalk outlines and stenciled labels indicate the streets and houses of Dogville , a tiny Depression-era town in the Rocky Mountains to which Ms. Kidman  's character  , Grace , escapes , apparently running from big-city gangsters .	Ms. Kidman	---	Grace	-	Missing
96	It was after hearing Karlheinz Stockhausen  's forbidding studies for solo piano , the  '' Klavierstucke , '' that Mr. Braxton decided to '' create a vocabulary , a syntax for solo saxophone . ''	Karlheinz Stockhausen	---	Klavierstucke	-	Missing
97	`` I do n't see any radical change for our company , '' said David Westin ,  the president of production for  Capital Cities\/ABC Inc. `` But in the next year or so , I would expect you might see all sorts of new deals between networks and studios , joint ventures and creative financing of programs . ''	David Westin	---	Capital Cities\/ABC Inc.	-	Missing
98	'' We did n't buy Creedmoor , '' said Leslie A. Lerner , a partner with Michael Dubb in the Beechwood Organization , builders and developers of the project .	Creedmoor	said	Leslie A. Lerner	0	Mistake
99	He spent three years there before being moved to a camp in Mordova ,  300 miles from  Moscow , next to a secret prison for foreigners where captives had only numbers , not names .	Mordova	---	Moscow	-	Missing
100	Dr. Sipsalao Phasaisi of Tchepone District Clinic , a diffident 34-year-old man who learned all his medicine through interpreters from Soviet and French  teachers in  Vientiane , the capital , said the latest mine deaths occurred last year , when a farmer struck a missile with his shovel .	Soviet	---	Vientiane	-	Missing
101	Mr. Hamanaka had been in charge of copper trading at Sumitomo , which traders believe controls about 70 percent of the copper stockpiles held in the London Metal Exchange  warehouse  in  Long Beach , Calif.	London Metal Exchange	---	Long Beach , Calif.	-	Missing
102	Indeed , while other factors are also at play , last year 's contribution per worker for traditional pensions , known as defined benefit plans , was nearly 50 percent below the peak in 1978 , adjusted for inflation , and barely above the level in 1964 , according to Sylvester J. Schieber ,  vice president for research at the  Wyatt Company , a benefits consulting group .	Sylvester J. Schieber	---	Wyatt Company	-	Missing
103	The eldest of five children , Mr. Sommers  took a semester off from  St. John 's College in Collegeville , Minn. , to study Spanish at the University of Seville .	Mr. Sommers	---	St. John 's College	-	Missing
104	Also , King said that HBO would n't meet Holyfield 's salary demands and would n't let him take the fight to Showtime , HBO  's major cable rival  where King 's bouts are broadcast .	Showtime	---	HBO	-	Missing
105	Mrs. Pendergast  is a health care administrator at the  Kennedy Krieger Institute in Baltimore .	Mrs. Pendergast	---	Kennedy Krieger Institute in Baltimore	-	Missing
106	Grgurich  was admitted to a California hospital  more than a week ago suffering from symptoms related to exhaustion .	Grgurich	---	California	-	Missing
107	The sponsors , Senator Kenneth P. LaValle , Republican of Port Jefferson , and Assemblymen Marc S. Alessi ,  Democrat of  Wading River , and Fred W. Thiele Jr. , Republican of Sag Harbor , oppose the project and say too little is known about public costs for the police , firefighters and municipal services to protect a privately owned project and to be prepared for an accident or attack .	Assemblymen Marc S. Alessi	---	Wading River	-	Missing
108	A Republican strategist from Washington was spotted on Sunset Strip the other day , in town to talk to Tom Selleck about running for the Senate against Barbara Boxer next year , or perhaps in 2000 , if Dianne Feinstein becomes governor and  vacates her Senate seat  .	Dianne Feinstein	---	Senate	-	Missing
109	American independent cinema will also be represented by Hal Hartley 's `` Flirt , '' Noah Baumbach 's `` Kicking and Screaming '' and `` The Gate of Heavenly Peace , '' Carma Hinton and Richard Gordon  's documentary about the massacre in  Tiananmen Square .	Richard Gordon	---	Tiananmen Square	-	Missing
110	One of the prize students in Mr. Wing 's group is Lloyd Doppman ,  a detective with the  Nassau County Police Department who is fluent in Mandarin .	Lloyd Doppman	---	Nassau County Police Department	-	Missing
111	Natasha Richardson  is to make her New York stage debut  in the title role of Eugene O'Neill 's `` Anna Christie , '' about a woman who tries to improve her life despite a questionable past .	Natasha Richardson	---	New York	-	Missing
112	It was no secret that the Jets liked Browning Nagle ,  the Louisville quarterback  they used their first draft pick on today .	Browning Nagle	---	Louisville	-	Missing
113	The official , Bennett W. Raley ,  an assistant secretary of the  interior , decided on Sunday night to make the trip after it became apparent that the parties '' were close enough to make it worth going , '' said a spokesman , Kip White .	Bennett W. Raley	---	interior	-	Missing
114	Then there was the Philadelphia episode , a stunning 40-8 49ers loss to the Eagles in which Young  was pulled from the game by Coach  George Seifert to avoid injury  .	Young	---	George Seifert	-	Missing
115	 Last year 's French Open men 's champion  , GUSTAVO KUERTEN , who made an affable enough exit in the second round of singles , where he fell to Russia 's 18-year-old MARAT SADE , was thrown out of his doubles quarterfinal Tuesday evening after he got into a squabble with head umpire BRUNO REBEUH and hurled his racquet toward the official .	French Open	---	GUSTAVO KUERTEN	-	Missing
116	BAROID CORP. ,  a Houston-based supplier of petroleum services  , said it had signed a definitive agreement to acquire Sub Sea International , Inc. , a privately held company , from the Energy Recovery Fund of Chevy Chase , Md. , and other shareholders .	BAROID CORP.	---	Houston-based	-	Missing
117	-LRB- These works all receive impassioned and expert advocacy from members of the Group for Contemporary Music ,  which Mr. Wuorinen founded  in 1962 . -RRB-	Group for Contemporary Music	---	Mr. Wuorinen	-	Missing
118	Miller  's teams at City played  Army .	Miller	---	Army	-	Missing
119	But Robert ,  fearing Gertrude 's inflexibility  , balks .	Robert	---	Gertrude	-	Missing
120	This is the Missoula Children 's Theater  dramatization  of the original Grimm Brothers ' tale  , designed for children and the casting of some 50 parts to be done by auditions .	Missoula Children 's Theater	---	Grimm Brothers	-	Missing
121	While traveling aboard  a trans-Atlantic liner to London  , David Brooke , the tormented hero of McElroy 's first novel , tries to connect eight jumbled manuscripts into a single narrative recounting the lives and sufferings of his family and friends .	trans-Atlantic	---	David Brooke	-	Missing
122	For 50 years , ever since President Harry S. Truman swore in Adm. Sidney W. Souers  as the nation 's first Director of  Central Intelligence , there have been complaints about United States intelligence .	Sidney W. Souers	---	Central Intelligence	-	Missing
123	James Rocap ,  one of Mr. Meese 's attorneys  , has said his client had no '' personal and substantial involvement '' in Government matters pertaining to the regional companies .	James Rocap	---	Mr. Meese	-	Missing
124	President Bill Clinton  ordered the  Pentagon to draw up plans for a military strike when the North threatened to begin production in 1994 , but a nuclear freeze agreement was reached later that year .	Bill Clinton	ordered	Pentagon	1	Correct
125	He was the youngest player in his threesome , joined by 54-year-old Tom Kite , who shot 72 , and 61-year-old Raymond Floyd ,  who won the Open at  Shinnecock in 1986 .	Raymond Floyd	won the Open at	Shinnecock	1	Correct
126	But it was widely reported - even by the official Soviet news agency Tass - that the Lacrosse  was being deployed to observe  Soviet and Eastern European  military operations through darkness or cloud cover  .	Lacrosse	---	Eastern European	-	Missing
127	PRODUCER -- Squier Knapp Dunn Communications  in consultation with  David Garth .	Squier Knapp Dunn Communications	---	David Garth	-	Missing
128	Although Cuba  has joined the North Korean boycott of the Olympics  , the Cuban players have told their American counterparts during their current tour of the United States that they think their country will change its mind .	Cuba	---	North Korean	-	Missing
129	Burt A. Adelman , M.D. Executive Vice President Research and Development James C. Mullen President and CEO James L. Vincent  Chairman of the  Board Biogen , Inc.	James L. Vincent	---	Board Biogen , Inc.	-	Missing
130	Julia Searles ,  a Greyhound ticket agent in  Boston , said business travelers usually caught the 7:20 a.m.	Julia Searles	---	Boston	-	Missing
131	Jeanne Yate  's third-grade class in  Wellston , Okla. , sold birdseed for 50 cents a bag and sent Jessica $ 421 .	Jeanne Yate	---	Okla.	-	Missing
132	The proposal received an enthusiastic endorsement yesterday from Senator Alan J. Dixon ,  an Illinois Democrat  who heads the consumer and regulatory affairs subcommittee of the Senate Banking Committee .	Alan J. Dixon	---	Illinois	-	Missing
133	LEAD : The Campeau Corporation 's rocky 18-month adventure in American retailing has run into its biggest cash squeeze yet , forcing its American  subsidiaries , which own  Bloomingdale 's , Jordan Marsh and other national chains , to say they might have to file for bankruptcy protection .	American	---	Jordan Marsh	-	Missing
134	But Mr. Goldfeder 's failure thus far to accomplish that goal , according to analysts , is a major reason why he now finds himself having to fight off an unwanted $ 4.2 billion bid from Robert Campeau ,  the Toronto-based real estate developer  .	Robert Campeau	---	Toronto-based	-	Missing
135	Part II Minnesota had not beaten Ohio State in Columbus since 1949 -- until Saturday , when Glen Mason ,  who played and coached under  Woody Hayes , led the Golden Gophers to a 29-17 victory .	Glen Mason	coached under	Woody Hayes	0	Mistake
136	Phil Powers , the executive director of the American Alpine Club in Golden , Colo. , said North Americans could benefit from more exposure to via ferrata .	Golden	said	North Americans	0	Mistake
137	The quartet also played '' Evic Taksim , ''  a work by the late-19th-century Turkish composer  Tanburi Cemil Bey in a recent arrangement by Stephen Prutsman that captures the work 's modal , sweetly decorative Middle Eastern flavor .	Evic Taksim	---	Tanburi Cemil Bey	-	Missing
138	Mr. Yeremin ,  who had just toured Europe with the play  , enthusiastically described the interrelationship of the characters , the actors and the audience .	Mr. Yeremin	had just toured	Europe	1	Correct
139	Dr. Bosch fled Miami in 1974 while on parole for a 1972 conviction for leading a bazooka attack on a Polish freighter moored in Miami .	Dr. Bosch	fled	Miami	1	Correct
140	It is a big hit with Mr. McKeon , 41 , -- the son of Robert McKeon ,  an I.B.M. executive  who formed and presided over Westchester County 's Right-to-Life party -- despite the fact that he has only shot a gun once .	Robert McKeon	---	I.B.M.	-	Missing
141	Bill Jones ,  a former California secretary of  state , is favored to win the Republican Senate primary against several lesser-known candidates .	Bill Jones	---	state	-	Missing
142	One of the reports released on Wednesday found that  an American company  , DynCorp , appeared to act almost independently of its contracting officers at the Department of State at times , billing the United States for millions of dollars of work that was never authorized and starting other jobs before they were requested .	American	---	DynCorp	-	Missing
143	Ullmann  herself studied English literature at  New York University and is now a literary critic in Norway .	Ullmann	---	New York University	-	Missing
144	He is third now , behind Rice -LRB- 92 -RRB- and running back Charlie Garner -LRB- 91 -RRB- ,  to whom the Raiders throw short passes  .	Charlie Garner	---	Raiders	-	Missing
145	He and Dr. Bob Lyons ,  a range extension specialist  at  Texas A & M University , have begun a research program that uses G.P.S.-equipped collars developed to track wild animals to pinpoint exactly where cattle are eating or resting on a 4,200-acre research ranch .	Dr. Bob Lyons	---	Texas A & M University	-	Missing
146	Michael Carson  was introduced to ceramics in the Peace Corps in  Tunisia .	Michael Carson	---	Tunisia	-	Missing
147	Half of those still without electricity are in Alabama , where soft-wood trees and power lines were particularly vulnerable to the hurricane 's gusts , said Scott Adcock ,  a spokesman for the  Alabama Emergency Management Agency .	Scott Adcock	---	Alabama Emergency Management Agency	-	Missing
148	On the road to big-time college ball , the game goes according to Gene Pingatore ,  the domineering St. Joseph coach  .	Gene Pingatore	---	St. Joseph	-	Missing
149	The Chargers did not move into Jets territory until their sixth drive , and then they were ushered in by a 15-yard personal foul on Donnie Abraham ,  for body-slamming} Tomlinson out of bounds  .	Donnie Abraham	---	Tomlinson	-	Missing
150	Ruud Polet ,  a spokesman for ING in  Amsterdam , said the British firm would retain the Barings name .	Ruud Polet	---	Amsterdam	-	Missing
151	Howard Thistle , MD Vice Chairman & Clinical Program Director Mathew Lee , MD Howard A. Rusk Professor of Rehab Medicine Rusk\/NYU Medical Center	Vice Chairman & Clinical Program	---	Mathew Lee	-	Missing
152	Rogues Hurt Iraq Police  An American effort to rebuild the Iraqi police  , undermanned and slow to get started , has become overwhelmed by corruption , political vengeance and lawlessness as rogue police units and other government security forces are accused of carrying out massacres and violence on behalf of political or tribal groups .	American	---	Iraqi	-	Missing
153	His father owned Transmop ,  a freight-trucking company in  Sao Paulo .	Transmop	---	Sao Paulo	-	Missing
154	Jakobson  already owns a daybed by the sculptor  Rachel Whiteread and a rug by Barbara Bloom , and she has commissioned Tom Sachs to design a stand-up bar in place of the Donald Deskey dining table .	Jakobson	---	Rachel Whiteread	-	Missing
155	An elegant Egyptian-American human rights adviser with the C.P.A. , Hassanein  worked closely with  Holland and shared her commitment .	Hassanein	worked closely with	Holland	1	Correct
